Transcripción de: MarketSnack 25K Challenge Pt5 - GEX Option Chain Intro.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 5518s
------------------------------------------------------------

Well, listen to me, I'm going to speak Spanish here today, I hope that makes you happy, how are you? I'm giving it, I'm going to give it a minute or two minutes more to people so that it joins, let's go here What a market, what a market, let's go here, let's extend this, the second It's the 3.5 already, the market is ... Ok, for those who don't know, Mark Snack had an update, well, first of all, welcome everyone, welcome to the live of the 3.5, one of the two lives of this week that we are going to do on this YouTube We want to teach Victor and me, Victor comes in brief, but what he comes in, I'm going to explain a little the platform because we don't want to lose the market The market was a live training, the market is doing quite a drastic move, we have FOMC, I don't know if I already finished talking because it starts at 2.5, it's 3.6 pm this time At 4.5 microsoft, we have a fairly active market, quite active But, what Victor comes in, we are going to explain what we have new on the platform, this is our platform We have the new search, here I can put the spx, and the spx we have the option chain With the option chain, here we have the first trigger during the day, we have the asset order book site, you already have it in your flow feed, the asset premium sentiment And we have the price pressure, here you can see the put wall, you can see the call walls, you can see the magneto And you can see the price of the action, and we can see the expected drift, the expected drift where it is expected to move Usually the expected drift goes in the direction that the magneto is We have the money mix, we can see that most of the money has been given to the cousin, in the money, in the expiration of today As you can see, if I move the expirations, I give it a click, this is going to change As you can see, I don't know if you have noticed this We have the open interest change, for a specific inspection We see it again, it's going to change And we have the order structure, for July 31, two days from here, the 37% of the order has been single leg And the 63% of the order has been multi leg, in this expiration, you can do this with all the expiration So we have the new option change, which in my opinion, well, it's not my opinion, let's talk about reality What you like to hear, this is the most complete option change in the market right now That any broker, any platform, we give you an option change that you only have to think about But you can already look for where the money is, how the money is interacting In the option change, you don't have to analyze very deeply You can come here, you see the strike, you see this 7400, you can see that 65% of the contracts were a single leg trade The 35% multi leg Here on the left we give it this, and here you can see that the SPX is moving We can see how the 44% has been traded, the 42% in the Bid 13% And we have the notional, what happens? I can click here and it will take me to the contract detail It is loading here, it will take me to the contract detail of what I click Give me a second, let me, because I know that, give me a second, let me put the full screen here So you don't have to change the image every time You can click any strike price to take you to the contract detail But, and the circle, the circle is a trade, the biggest trade so far Well, here it was the 2.41 PM, $216,000, $216,000 for a 0 DTE That's a huge trade, excuse me, you can see the price of the action 412 We are falling sharply right now, after the mega rebound we made at 448 I can see the amount of strikes, 6, 8, 10, 12, 16, 20, all the strikes Let's see if I have all the strikes, we have to give it a lot of scrolling And apart from that, if we are going to leave it in 2 strikes, we can see the put-wals The magnets and the hangers to the right, you don't have to scroll here I can do this for the weeklies, I'm going to see it, here I change the weeklies For the monthly, for the monthly, August, September, November, December And for the waterlies, September 30th, December 31st, March 31st This is quadruple wishing day, and June 30th, 2027 I can change how I see it, the option chain, I can give it flip sides I can see the hangers here, I put them to the left, there are people who like to do that That's for preference, and I can distribute it from bigger to smaller Usually the option chain comes from this way, from smaller to bigger But you can change it here This is the new option chain, let's go fast, because this is a life-training I don't want to talk too much about the movement, but this can be done with the different companies And the different indices, you can do it with Nvidia, you can do it with Tesla I don't know what to do I'm in it, excuse me The Tesla, I can look for the Tesla, I can look for the different companies What happens? Let's go to the minimum Let's go to what you like, the GeX, the Gamma exposure What do we have in the Gamma exposure? We have the underlying and Gamma, we have the asset price The asset price, we have the call wall, the boot wall, the magnet, the gamma flip and the netgex Right now, if we go to the Gamma exposure, we can see that we are negative 3.5 billion This is moving, if you can see, this is like a graph, it's moving Little by little here And you can see that the gray line, the gray line is the magnet The cut line The call wall The red cut line is the boot wall The red line is the negative gex The orange line is the gamma flip Let's take a look at the legend Let's take a look at the legend Right now, I don't know why I'm looking at the asset price But the asset price, you can see that the asset price, if you look closely I can still see it in another action, I don't know why right now it's here But we can see it, if we go to video for example Or Microsoft If right now we are introducing that But for example, you can see it here Like the asset price, the asset price is moving with the magnet And it has respected the call wall a lot At no time has it happened You don't want to say that it will never break Because the call wall and the put wall are moving little by little But look at how this works Look at the asset price, how the magnet is stuck How it doesn't break How the call wall is moving How the call wall becomes the magnet It's down here Ok Now, the SPX Let's go for SPX Let's go here, trading session We have July 29th, July 30th, July 31st, August 3rd, August 4th The next 6 days Now we are in July 29th July 29th, gamma larry We have the netgex, we have the national value The one day premium, which is 2.9 billion The open interest is 402,000 This is the open interest that is open during today's day And the volume in this contract We can put the 20 Many people like to see the 20 because it is quite big We can put the 40 We can put the 50 The 100, the 200 Now I personally use the 40 But with the 40 I can have a clear view Where the most of the strikes are going What happens? There is something very innovative here That is the institutional flow-tape That institutional flow-tape is very interesting If you click it, it will tell you what it is about You can see it here, you can pause the video You can go to your platform and read it If you haven't read it, I don't know if you've noticed But you click it Many parts of our platform have the I And the I is an information And many other things to explain Right now, we are going to summarize There we are in Resumelife, sorry And we are going to see what has happened You can see what is happening in a minute There was 690,000 dollars There was 690,000 dollars in the 7,350 That is also a demon You can see that it was in Multileq You can see how much the spot was They basically bought the 7,350 When they were in 7,427 Those people are losing money They bought 90 contracts In Multileq You can see that they sold the 7,450 to the 3 and 4 They sold the 7,350 to the 2 and 59 They sold the 7,575 to the 3 and 1 Look at the time on the right Look at the amount Look at the strike here And look at the sale And look at the condition I can give it here and it goes to the C Chain So I can see exactly where they are selling that contract You can see how the platform interconnects one to another I'm here in the Gex And inside the Gex you can send me the option Chain And it automatically sends me So you can see that transaction that happened Those points that are here They are also points that are here And you can click on each and every one of those points Ok, so let's see what's going on Let's talk about something interesting Right now we had a big movement In this account I don't have... I don't have trading view on this account Let's see if I can... I can look at it here I can look at it here Let's look at it like this Basically, so that you don't know The SPX, the SPY The SPY is quite low today The SPY came to a point Let me enter a counter detail of this Let me enter here so that you can see What's going on Let's go here Let's go to the day The SPY came at 12.10 It came at 7.30 Now at 2.50 it came at 7.40 That's 10 points of difference In 2 hours And now we go down to 7.38 And now we're at 7.39.50 This is a graph, if I... If I go down This is extreme volatility But why? We have FMC We have FMC, which Enwarche was talking about And now we have Meta and Microsoft The earnings The market doesn't know what to do With its life Because the market doesn't know How to do the earnings of Microsoft It doesn't know what to do with Enwarche That was an instant reaction But Now we see the Flipped Gamma What does the Flipped Gamma mean? The Flipped Gamma is... Now you can see that we're at 7.408 This is 7.408 We see that the Flipped Gamma is at 7.419 We're at the bottom We have a negative Gamma You can see it here Look at the netgex It's negative When it's negative It doesn't necessarily mean That we're going down But it means that there's more volatility Than the market makers If they have to balance More volatility Either up or down I want you to learn this Don't get confused Where you have a negative netgex Being below the Flipped Gamma It means we're going to die It means there's more volatility A positive netgex It means That there's less volatility And usually we're going in a more Alsist direction But in the negative netgex It means that we're going to have more volatility And in the market we're going to know Where to go It's still deciding Right now, look The market just left 6 points In our face 6 points It's trying to get there You can see the PUTWAL 7400 Let's see if it bounces in that PUTWAL Or if it breaks Because we have the CalWAL 7.440 We have the PUTWAL Than the magnet Look at the magnet Magnets are the 7400 If it goes here Magnet and the PUTWAL The magnet The balance Of the open interest and the first Where the balance between the open interest and the first And the PUTWAL If you want to see it Imagine a graph A PUTWAL is like a support If you have an Alsist mentality The PUTWAL is a support And the CalWAL is a resistance What happens in a graph When you break a support Well When you break a support If it gets big Usually you go down When you break a resistance You go up Right now the resistance The resistance is 7.450 We reached 7.448 We could break it And look where we are now You tell me But the resistance is now 7.440 The CalWAL is here It's true But remember that this is a netgex of the 0DT The 0DT is moving According to how the money moves What's left are 40 minutes This is already quite decided Here that this is the PUTWAL 7400 Let's see if we have a movement I want to see if this breaks a little more with force Because we are here right now We are still in the PUTWAL Now we are in 0.39862 I see that the PUTWAL has not moved We are still 2 billion solid here You could see that this was 1.1 billion dollars And it is no longer 1.1 billion dollars It is no longer there Now we see how the PUTWAL moved at 0.395 But this is still having 2 billion dollars And it is still the magnet Very pending this type of movement This is still the magnet And this is still 2 billion negative here But look at how the PUTWAL is moving It was at 0.25, now it's at 0.90 Let's see It broke the 7400 And now it's down to 6 dollars of cash Now it's down Is that like a skew? Yes, you can say that Now we are closer Because we are in the negative We are closer to the left Well Look what's happening Look at how this is Look at how serious the class is Look, here we are We are here I am right now Trying to Correct my computer I was recording a few things I was recording I'm waiting for Wait, I can do the Spanish I'm waiting until Someone brings my computer up Because I was recording some things And we are going to have a live training Very cool, so we are going to make a lot of money Look at how this has just changed It was at 7400 Now it's at 7400 Now it's at 7300 The magnet is down to 20 dollars See how the support Imagine if we go back Imagine a graph See how the support broke The support was at 7400 Now that support Is back Resistance See, look at the graph Now that support is resistance We were at 7400 almost now I think it's enough Explanation for you for now Let's see what we can choose From here I arrive Victor Now we are at 7384 7384 7386 Sorry We are going to do it here We are going to see this We are going to do it here, this is the account We are excited This is the account, we are going to have to see it But you are live on youtube, what? I'm live on youtube The problem is that We are not going to be able to enter now We have to invite you to the stream Or you can sit here Looking for a chair We are looking for a chair or we are going to change it We are going to stay here You are watching Look Let's see, let's see I would like to As I always use this The DEX is Waiting for movement under the area I would wait for it to enter under the 380 Ok Look at the POOG 1 The 7388 The what? The 7388 What you are explaining for now It was in the 7400 It broke and now it became It became a resistance, now a call-well Because it broke Yes, yes, yes But I don't think it's going to happen The TAPE LIFE is going to happen The 7358 is entering in the money 7430 452,000 That's freaky The 452,000 The 7430 What? We are 50,000 I say that we have to wait for the POOG 380 And then To go up But right now what I'm seeing But those 380 have 5,000,000 We are negative, how much? We are negative 9.4 million We are negative, we can still flip it Look, there we broke for the 389 For the 380 If it reaches 375 3 370, 360 We can see a spin there 370, we are now 370, look how the POOG is changing But this is still having 4 billion dollars The point is to leave that area That's the area, the POOG is in 375 I say 375, 370 More or less Always look at this here They are selling the 370 10.2 billion I would say I would say that we should be When it reaches 375 Buy the bowser Because we are negative We have to wait for a bounce I would treat it as a bounce I would treat it as a bounce But they are more negative We are going to give it another go Let me look for my computer I'm not going to give it to you They are selling the 7,360 7,360 We are waiting here For the 375 To arrive Now I'm going to read them now Let's see Let's see What questions do you have What does the wire refer to where is the more premium Different between the magnets The magnets where there is more Premium and open interest That is balanced If you see that the magnet is in 7400 They have 13 prints The xpx movement today Look at this 7,371 Look at the drop The one that is very negative 8 billions Look at this 7,367 Let's see Let's see if it calms down a little more Look at the drop that we have here You are not going to sit here Listen The rate of the point is 28 It moved to 350 We are in 3,737 3 We are negative the range 3,721 Let's see where this We were in 10 We are in 8 We like it a little Any other questions Where are you now? We are in tense moment because we are A lot of volatility The same for the geck I know that every 30 seconds The movement And keep watching I don't think we are going to 7400 For the moment because there is The cold wall and also The gamma flip On your chart So basically if you are training If you are seeing the XPX Gecks, you should trade the same thing In ES If you are doing in NASDAQ Or NQ You should do then MDX So basically it is the parity Of those two things But what is the theory of trading With the geck What do we want to do? So basically The geck is moving XPX is Cash selling Settlement Instrument And based on that The gamma dealers Or the market makers need to hedge Or Basically it is like a blackjack game Right? You can see if the house is Negative how much they have to pay in How much money they are making And which are the places that they have To go to break even On their books So basically if you see here Right now on the XPX We have been seen that Is dropping We are seeing that The XPX is dropping It is falling But the NQX was in 10 billion And it goes to 7.2 It means that They are netting it The closer they are to zero Then it is the most important point Among other things Of 10 billion It goes down But we are at 7 That is what we are looking for What is the gamma flip The gamma flip is when we are negative Now you can see that the gamma flip is 399 7,399 Right now we are at 3.7 We are doing both languages English and Spanish When the price Of that PX That is what we are looking for It is below the gamma flip 328 And the X will be negative When the X is negative it is more volatility It doesn't mean that we are down A negative X is not what we are doing In the market A negative X is more volatility When the price is above the gamma flip When this price is above the gamma flip It means that we have a positive X And there is more stability There is not so much volatility Now there is volatility Now there is volatility because we are at a negative 8 billion dollars Me in this case So basically what I do I will wait for the bounce Since we are in a negative gamma I would wait for a bounce I would wait for the market bounce I would wait until the market bounce And then toward that same Trade I would wait until the contract bounce Because it is going to fall Or vice versa Right now we are bouncing a little Look at that We are bouncing from the From the put wall So basically I think we can approach 380 380 And 385 And after that We can then We have the two languages We have to talk about the two languages Can you explain So basically What it does a lot It just like So now GECS went Very high To 12 We were at 8 and we are still in the same place Look how it jumped It is jumping and moving a lot So basically there is a total GECS That is basically It will tell you If we are positive or negative If we are negative It means that we are going to have more volatility And we are going to drop to Lower levels If we are positive then it is going to act As a magnet towards the price Or the highest price Then you have The ladder that it will tell you Which are the biggest point in the chart And also you can be In a strike price that is very high Negative But you can also have a negative total People Have been using a lot of Tools for GECS, DEX and VANA I should tell you That those things are very important Only for days like today Look at this I told you that we have to short the 380 Fuck So we are going to wait now We are going to say Prince by the way 7,345 7,340 Aggressive buys So basically We have to 1.4 million But they are in the money Carlos, look where it is The bounce When we are negative GECS We are talking about the two languages Because they are asking Why they are speaking in English Particularly the entire audience We don't know that We don't know if the entire audience Is Spanish We are just doing both I don't know We are here trying to explain Every single person How to use the application I think everyone is fair To have a piece of it I don't know why people are reckless By the way You have to use both No, no We are explaining an application You don't have to be the same To get rid of a person Not Italian We are going in the 50s I told you in the 380 That we have to short the bounce Fuck Look at the new boot wall Look at the new boot wall 7,340 I don't know I don't know 15 billion That's a lot That's a lot I don't know what you are talking about Why? I don't know If this gets to negative 20 billion, 30 billion We should wait for a bounce Or we can buy a bounce if it reaches 30 billion Yeah, the institutional flow Tape is like a time on sales For options but with an algorithm That we have Basically the algorithm Selects the flow That appears So you won't see a thousand dollar flow You will see 400,000 Whatever thousand plus You won't see small sizes The algorithm selects Papi, the 380 350 From 380 to 350 I told you we have to short the What if bounce 15 billion We are seeing the same Expiration Everything is for today If I change To see different things If we change You can see the institutional flow Tape for the same day expiration So it's the same day expiration If you go to 1DT Let's do something Put 27 And 7,340 We are negative 13 billion dollars Negative 1% of the space Short tomorrow Short tomorrow Only one For tomorrow 3,5,7 Put Small batch We are going to do a long I don't know Today We are going to do a bounce For the same day We are going to do a long 3,6,2 3,54 We are going to do a long Why are you so stupid? You are going to do a long I'm going to use my phone What is 1 I'm going to do a long Fuck You are so for now You are so for now Fuck you, shit I told you to short 60 7,3,4 6 You are selling the 450 now Kevin 7,340 7,340 Oh my fucking god I told you Shit Fuck, 26 billions We are negative 31 20 minutes Ok I'm going to take the bounce I'm going to take the bounce I'm going to take the bounce One second Victor is going to buy the phone This account is faster Calm down Those things happen Don't be scared Look at the ball under 7,35 Let's break it See how this is moving See how it is moving X is too negative It should bounce In any minute now It should make a bounce Let's go up It should take a bounce At least for Because we have a big gamma negative They have to rebalance 7,340 Let's break the bounce Look at this If they give it back 2 minutes, 3 minutes This was negative 31 31 31 This broke at 337 It was the 2,335 And it came back You can see it It bought 4 in 37,10 It came out here in 4,40,10 Negative 16,000,000 At some point Negative 31,000 Negative 16,000 We should be at 360 This is the point We're not going to close in this zone Believe me Oh shit, it's bringing the 7,4 to the 50 That's right It's bringing the puts That's why The bounce can be 7,400 360 We're at 7,339 We're here It bought 7,340 You can't see it But it came out It was a quick It's something quick They should balance the market Soon It's going to be a negative level It's going to depend We're thinking Negative 19,1,000,000 Negative 19,1,000,000 It's moving It moved It just moved That was a huge jump That was a huge jump Don't worry, hold your horses Wait, wait There are plans Holy It's a toy class It was here It's moving Let's go 340 We're waiting Last 10 minutes People just know This is a very nice trick This is a good trick One market maker can only Participate at 350pm until 4pm So every market maker Have to close Or they have to hatch And they have until 350 After that There's only one market maker In the whole stock market That can only rebalance it And they enter at 350 We're going to wait until 350 Because they're going to bounce it Because the geeks Right now is Very deep It's in 19 billions But they're not going to do it Now they're going to do it Beginning at 350 5 minutes left We can do Spanish English English and Spanish It might get too deep It might get too deep It might get too deep Yes I think we're going to end at 340 Or 350 That's my guess But I would love to We need to get below 325 360 That's good Look at the 380 We're going to start selling it You hear We need a dropper That's the price action I want to see Yes We're going to buy the 340 Let's go Hold your horses Hold your horses We're going to buy For tomorrow's creation 740 For tomorrow But I'm going to buy Zero DT soon We're buying 740 730 Zero DT is very expensive Zero DT is expensive Papicondo I'm going to buy 4 or 5 I'm going to buy 7,340 Zero DT Explain the tape What we are seeing on jump Right now Those who are on the discord I'm going to explain this Why are we going to buy 7,340 Look at this 7,380 7,385 7,360 They're selling the puts Remember if you're selling the puts It probably doesn't end On top or below this Or you want more, you have to rebalance We're buying the 7,340 We're buying 7,330 7,332 7,340 I'm going to say Kevin Let's see Where do we get this They're selling the puts When you sell the puts Adgressive Usually it's bullish On the 7,340 We're at 7,342 7,342 The price is negative 22,000 They're selling the puts No, it's 800 But we're going to sell the puts Ok, now in 5 seconds The market is going to enter 7,340 We're at 7,342 Look at the price The price was lower 7,335 Boom, that's what we want That's what we want 7,336 See, we're going to drop We're going to drop We're going to bounce Small gamut We have to buy in the right time 7,300 Because we're going to drop again 7,340 But automatically when we drop the 7,340 The power comes here Hey What's up? Sorry, I'm not here What the fuck is going on here? They're buying 7,320 7,320 Yeah, we're going to see a bounce They're trying to send it to 350 So not now We have to wait It's too expensive Right now It's too expensive Yeah, for sure You're going to get wrecked It's too expensive Normally we have 2 positions 3,400 They're going for 3 pesos That's what we want to see We want to see that We're going to wait It's too expensive It's too expensive Too expensive Too expensive Nice Yeah, right now We're scouting We're trading We're trading We can't hold the contracts for a long time This is going to bounce Look at how these contracts are going These contracts Now it's at about 50 Yeah 7,326 Calm down You want to see the magic Give me 5 minutes I'm going to give you a magic Now it's 30 We haven't had anything big yet Hey, what's that? Look at the bubble It's going up It's 7,325 We have the support Today the contract is on fire Let's see how much it is Negative 15 billion We haven't had a lot of big transactions 333 Look at how these contracts move We have 6 minutes left 6 minutes, 5 minutes with 15 seconds left We're going to see We're going to see that it's going to bounce Negative 15 billion 332 Verón class Yup, yup We're in Look at this 321 324 The contract is on fire The contract is on fire 7,475 322 3,3,20,25 4 minutes We're waiting for now 3 minutes We're going to flip 330 How much is it? 21 billion The contract is on fire 1.4% Today FAKE class 7,448 7.4 Look at the magnet The bounce The bounce is on fire 320 We're going to flip We're going to flip We're going to flip 315 314 385 623 We're going to flip We're going to flip 20 seconds left We're going to try to close it We're going to see what they do We're going to see what they do That's right, because it's 106 23 billion They closed it 310 They closed it It's almost the magnet 316.39 They finally closed it Look at this, 5.2 billion 4.7 billion Under the magnet Using the ETF Institutional Flow Tape You can trade 15 minutes after Unless you have 0DT If they're 0DT If they're 0DT They already closed that price Well We're going to see We're going to see We're going to see the trade We're going to see the trade We're going to see the trade We have 2 positions If I'm not mistaken We have 5 for tomorrow No, but that's what you said I don't know Ok We're going to see We're going to see a recap Of what happened today Again We're going to see the overview Of Option Chain The first trade was 3.3 billion We're going to do Order Book It's a premium sentiment We have the price pressure As you can see It was 7,325 They closed it at 7,316 Just below From 7,320 The expected drift They closed the magnet Than the boot wall In fact We have the morning The morning was 99% We have the open interest change From today We can see 402,000 Today It was 3.3 billion 66% for a single leg Second We have the calls, the puts In the option chain 6, 8, 10, 12 I can do the weekly The weekly here The monthly here, August September, October, November The quarterly Because SPX, I can see the September 30, September 31 Those are the schedule for the wishing day I can change the chain as you can see I can put the puts on the left, the right side I can flip strikes Flip strikes 7,320, 7,315 As I can put the ones from major to minor Or I can put it From minor to major Let's go back What do I want to show with this Here we have the today Here we have the option chain We have the transactions that we form Let's go to the morning because I already expired I already expired your day We have If the view with the geckos doesn't appear on my dashboard It has to appear If it doesn't appear on my dashboard Or on my DM Because it's supposed to appear here Why don't we have the geckos? Let's see how the geckos will appear You search SPX here And it will appear The option chain and the exposure You have to have the ticker hop You have to refresh the page You have to refresh the page If you don't have the option chain You have to refresh And the option chain is supposed to appear here If that page that you're going to leave The option chain and the exposure How much do you watch with mh, what are you saying If mh, today July 31, 520 I have a review 520 If it is to not know To her, they had sold The idea that it wasn't I'll check that later Okay, we have the option chain With the option chain, I can decide The strays I teach It's very interesting and very different to all the other topics, be it interesting courses, interesting brokers, or any other people with data, or usual ways. We have more information than they do. We have more information in the sense that I can come here to an Nvidia, I can go to an Nvidia, and with the Nvidia I can see the contracts, for example, OIST and OST, I can see where they were traded, how much was the ASK, how much was the BIT, how much was the BIT, what was the biggest transaction that was $36,000, for example, here. How much was the single leg? Do you understand? I have ASK, MIT, BIT, how much was the single leg? And I'm going to do the same with the puts and the calls. I'm going to say the put wall here, the magnet here, the call wall here, call wall, magnet, put wall, I can also see it interactively in the option chain. Well, I want to have it pretty stuck because this is a 3D series, but if we go to a monthly, we can see in August 21 that they are going to do different, 180, 200, 220. You can see that the put wall are red like this, and the call wall, if I put 20, I'm going to see it, I'm not going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, 200, 220, I'm going to see that it's green, and the magnet is going to come out in the middle of the screen, in the middle of the strike, strike 200 magnet, single leg 81%, multi leg 14%. And that basically, you can see the option chain of any, of any that you want to see, you can see the MSFT, you can see the Amazon, and you can check the different, where is the money. Many people ask me, ah, how does it work? What is a notional? What is a notional? Why do we have a notional instead of a premium value, in open interest? Why? The notional is the amount of money together, we get the math, together, it's the amount of money together with the gamma. So basically, if you multiply the open interest, 663%, because it's 100 contracts for each open interest that is open, I mean 100 shares, 100 shares for the 663 contracts multiplied by the strike. So I'm going to give you a number that is the same as this one, or is very close to this one. This number that is very close, the difference can be one algorithm that we use, which is also for me, the gamma that it has. But I'm going to give you a very close number of this one, if I don't give you the same number, we'll come back, 663% for the amount of shares in each contract, which is 100% for the 225%. We have the put wall, we have the call wall. Here too, can you see it? Look how it looks. And look how the magnet looks gray. Look how it looks gray with the put wall. Here in this case, the put wall is the magnet. In Amazon, for the zero, I stopped today. We have August 21, we are going to, usually, a tip that I can give, usually I look, I look monthly to see the different types of put wall, I don't really like the weekly ones, when I'm trading shares. In that case, the indices are completely different. You can see it here. It looks like a magnet, a magnet that goes on a put wall, on a call wall. Let's see, how is it going to go? It already has to report to Microsoft too. Let's go to Microsoft. $13 up in earnings. $13 up in earnings. Meta, how is it going to go? $32 down in earnings. They are great. Food. Food reported. I don't know if it's reported. I think so. Yes, Microsoft came out well. Microsoft came out well. Microsoft is 5% up. 3% up, excuse me. Meta is red. Meta is well red. 5% down. 5% down. Then we have the Gama exposure, which can also be used for shares. It can be used for shares, shares like the index. Here, this message is going to come out. It came out right now. Show interest. I'm sorry. Here it's going to come out. Look, it looks very different from the SPX because the SPX moves much more. I can look at it for 5 days. I can look at it for a month. And I can remove the Gama flip. If I don't want to see the Gama flip. We have 2 days, 5 days in this case. The exposure is closer. Here you can see it. $586. We have $552 in our after hours. $34 in negative. What a bad earnings. We made bad earnings. They are trying to recover the $3. But the Gama exposure, what I wanted you to know is that you can use it for any type of action. But it will work better for the indexes. You can look here. NADX in this case. You can look at NADX. You can look at the Gama exposure. NADX is the negative 2% today. You can look at NADX. You can look at the NADX. You can look at any type of action. We are going to explain again what the Gama flip is for the last time. Let's explain how it works. When we have a negative index, we have more volatility. When we have a negative index, we have more volatility. We are also below the Gama flip. In this case, we are going to look for an action so that we can see it. Let's see how it works. Let's see. I don't know why the Gama flip is on. Now the market is open. The Gama flip is not going to work. Let's see if it works. Ok. We have the Gama flip in 414. You can see it. 7,414. This morning, the Gama flip will always be moving. But while we are negative, we are below the Gama flip, we are going to be negative on the index. Negative on the index means that there is more volatility and that usually each bounce is going to be sold. But if the bounce is not sold, the negative index increases the volatility. What happens when we are above the Gama flip? Can you see the same change? When we are above the Gama flip, the index will be positive. If the bounce is not stable, there is less volatility. I can change the amount of strikes. Many people like to use it with 20. Other people like to use it with 40, like me. And I can use it with 50, 100, up to 200. But honestly, the 200 is half freaky, as our friend Victor says. And we have institutional floating. That is with our algorithm. We are going to use the information and give them a don. There you can filter by the strike. You can filter by the strike. I can put the 7000 we are going to put something 7300 and I can only see the contracts of 7300. All these contracts are contracts that expire this day. These are the contracts that expire on the day I select. Here you can see that they are going to change. July 31. July 31, you are going to see the contracts that are also 7300. If I remove this, if I remove this, they are the contracts that expire. They are all the contracts that expire on July 31. Two, that are two DTE. One second. You can see that for July 2 we had many transactions and millions of dollars. And many were CEL, CEL, BOI, BOI, and you can monitor them until the expiration date that you leave. You can see by the strike. I want to see the 7400 if someone enters the 7400. You can come here to the 7400 to the 7400 and see how many were aggressive buy and how many were aggressive sell. If you are very low and you want to give them, you can give them Resum Live. You can see here. How does this work? What happens? I can also give them C Chain. It automatically opens the C Chain screen and it will give the contract that I gave it. I think they sold the 7400 puts for two DTE and I was able to see what happened there. They bought them. They were 4.5 million in the first three days at 2C30. 80% Asp, 15% Beep. This was the tape of this Friday. If I'm not mistaken. This Friday Wednesday 29.30 No, I can't do this Friday. I'll do it all. Yes, that's for Monday, excuse me. July 31. Ok, so I can give them C Chain, C Chain and they will send me the Chain. That basically the same that if I give them the 7400 puts here. This represents this. Those points are transactions that represent this. All these transactions create that range here. This is institutional flow tape. It's a very important tool. I don't think no one has a tool like that along with the GEX that analyzes exclusively the contracts that they make that day. That selectionist. And that's basically the new tool of the GEX. I hope they can take advantage of that. Remember the GEX. This is a tool that needs to be patient with it. It's a tool that is quite accurate. It's a tool that can be used at any time of the day but it's a tool that is changing and mostly in the indexes like the SPX and the NADX are changing through the news and the market makers are balancing. But today, for example, it was a day where Kevin Warch, Trump and Microsoft presented and there was a lot of volatility. In the market there was a lot of volatility and it was negative 1.52%. This is a very powerful tool and it's a tool that requires practice and patience because you can't be trading every 5 minutes trading, trading, trading. It's a tool that you have to wait to break your call-walls and it covers this from down here. I'll end the story here. I have to go down here. Right now, the tool that doesn't have a beta phase is 5 days left because we took it out on Monday. So it's going to be free. What happened? This tool is going to be and in this part I'm going to do it in English. Yeah, filter up off ask is going to come soon. So we have this pretty aggressive sprint with the option change with the GEX and other important details of the filters and other things. This tool for those who have the plan of 89 they're going to have to deal with the plan of 89 but they're going to have to deal with a delay of 15 minutes of 15 minutes in the GEX after the 7 days and they're not going to be free. After the 7 days the market is going to cost $9. Because we both want the CBO and NASDAQ to charge us for this data because if you notice we didn't have SPX or NRX we didn't have that index data and this index data literally costs us per user we don't have to buy a package of a certain amount fixed monthly for each user each of you to provide this data I mean, now the market is going to cost $99 if you want the GEX certainly if you have a subscription you're going to get $89 but you're going to have 15 minutes of delay in the GEX if you don't want that delay you're going to have to pay $10 extra to have the GEX active in the indexes the GEX in action is going to be normal but if you want the GEX in the indexes and in the NASDAQ currently if you give it here stay on life indices on GEX data you can do it right now but honestly you still have 5 days left the walls in the chain the walls in the chain and the walls in the GEX are basically the same a poor wall if you decide to have a salesman a poor wall is going to be a support a poor wall is going to be a resistance what happens when a support breaks when it gets flipped when it gets flipped let's explain what I mean by that let's look here let's look at a monthly let's look at a monthly let's look at a monthly ok here we have a poor wall a poor wall we're in August 21 what happens with a poor wall a poor wall is a support if I'm thinking that the market is going up if the market is going up this is our support but if that support breaks this poor wall is going to go down and it becomes the resistance of the SIST the cable is going to go down here probably or it's going to go down to a number close now the cable is going to be 7,480 for August that cable is going to be a resistance the resistance is that when we go to that price it's going to be more difficult to break it because there is a resistance of money if you look at it on the market in another way or looking at it in a low way the poor wall is going to be a resistance what is the support so it depends on how you look at it if you look at the SIST this is the support and this is the resistance if you look at it in a low way this is the support and this is the resistance the discord server if I'm not mistaken is right now in the in the description of this youtube video if you go to the description of this youtube video it's going to be able to it's going to be able to the discord the in the new plan we are going to come back to the new plan if I'm not mistaken it's going to start in a few weeks and in the new plan we are going to be able to pick them up in the new plan with the geeks I don't understand anything should I take the stock trading courses from scratch yeah if you don't understand what we are talking about if you don't understand like stock trading if you don't understand there are a lot of advanced options the geeks if you don't understand the most advanced options there is a range of things so I recommend you to take the classes take the classes how the market works how an option works which is a call, which is a put and once you take those classes you can understand this because right now we are playing we are jumping too much the boat if you don't understand stop trading or option trading geeks the one from the annual plan that's also we understand that there are a lot of people in the annual plan we are also going to have the annual plan it's going to be 990 I have to ask the question tomorrow I will send it via discord I will send it via discord I will send it via discord I will send it via discord I will send it via discord the notion of the number the notion of the number is open interest 129 open interest for 100 actions because each contract is 100 actions all the strike is 7,345 it goes from almost the same number if you don't have the same number here there is a difference that can vary from the algorithm that we use which tries to match it completely now everyone who has the subscription of the market everyone that has the subscription has the geeks you still have 5 days left I will answer tomorrow there will be messages sent don't worry before the 5 days left before the 5 days you will get an email and you will get a notification when you enter the market that they are going to be able to do it to be able to have the geeks or not to have it are we considering offering an API option at some point we are still working on a roadmap on that to be honest it's not going to be anytime soon it's not going to be this year if we do that but there we are in our roadmap we have not decided 100% if we are going to have an API but we will let you know if we have an API any other questions what they wanted everyone who has the annual plan everyone who has the annual plan will get a message on the market smack platform we are going to receive a message via email or via market smack and they will tell you what to do there is a mobile version coming the mobile version will arrive in the next few months very likely before November right now the geeks are going to be monthly the market smack is going to have a platform that is going to be a whole price we are going to do a right now we are going to pay $89 but we are going to do $99 for everything but the mobile platform will probably arrive in November we are working on that we are first improving the product adding the option chain the geeks, the pickers, all these things to be able to get the mobile platform because you have to understand something very easy then get the products after doing the mobile platform it takes more time it is better to get the whole product to create the whole product and do the mobile platform of singing Eduardo write in the discord and I add you manually I add you manually I don't have no problem everyone who has entered the discord I add you manually when you write in D you can write in the same discord some other question everything is clear any more questions is the geeks the same for all pickers yeah, the geeks works exactly the same for everything in some pickers the geeks some pickers move more the indies move more the ndx and the volatil geeks but the geeks works the same for everyone the ls can't be seen but basically the ls, lspx the ls can move ahead because it is a future the price is higher but basically if you can build the lspx you can build the future because the price is the future if you don't understand anything from this top market you should buy all courses a good base on what is the stock market and how stocks work you could buy tape reading you could buy cash flow stuff like that but if you don't have any idea you have to buy all the courses from the core, from the base and the discord server says let's see what I have I'll send the link in the chat you have to give it to me the points that appear on the strike do you mean on the option chain or in the do you mean in the gamax poacher this is what it means let me just click something here these mean unusual traits these mean unusual traits so traits are unusual what they mean send the link of the discord server to enter there you can download the app enter validate your subscription you can vary it if it doesn't let you validate just message me in the discord I will automatically add you but that is for people who have subscription to marketsnack if you don't have subscription to marketsnack you don't have access to all the channels this update is already available the update I guess make sure you have this search bar make sure you have this search bar if you have this search bar if you have this search bar you can write ndx for example ndx and it will come out of the option chain in the gamax poacher another way to access the option chain by the way you can write spx here write spx here and you can access the option chain here I don't know if you noticed the access here the gex how does the gex work from Monday we gave all users 7 free days of the gex for those who have the active platform right now that they pay the $89 they pay the $89 they will have the option that when you win the 7 days to give the upgrade to $99 and have the gex on the day with the indexes on the day I mean the moment of life what happens if you decide to stay on the $89 for the users who have the active subscription today if you decide to stay with the $89 to pay the $10 additional you will have access to the gex of all the actions but the index will be the delay 15 minutes I did not understand that part for those who pay the subscription an email will arrive explaining all this in the next few days before the next 5 days in the next 5 days an email will arrive or a notification inside MarketSnack telling you to follow the steps if you have to do if you want to ask me an usual trade prementrated I can click here this one expired here is the biggest but $620,000 so if you click here if you click any of this this one the largest trade is going to be let me see $500,000 but this one happened today didn't happen today but for example for this one we can see that the largest one the $620.3K happened today $620,300 this does not have to do with the exact condition but it has to do with the largest trade which is more unusual since when does the free trial the free trial started on Monday you have 5 days left but you can see it here 5 days left we are going to do a tutorial now that we are going to do a live so you can know how to use it what's missing is a vote with Victor's voice Victor gets emotional sometimes I don't worry about it ok if you have any questions any other things that I don't have now you can ask me on the list I will send the link there I will send it again so I can't access it I will send it again exactly the AI agent I can tell you I can write that question that's already a problem I don't really know how to answer that question I will ask him I will let you know on the discord if you are on the discord ok see you later it's like see you later I hope you liked the live this is going to be recorded here on youtube you can access it whenever you want see you later
