Transcripción de: MarketSnack_Live_-_25K_Challenge_Pt._3.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 5294s
------------------------------------------------------------

Hello, how's everyone? Can you hear me? Well, I think Please let me know if you can hear me. Well, I always like to make sure Good morning Okay, the market is about to open in seven minutes give or take. I'm just gonna make sure Yesterday I was reviewing these contracts. I just want to make sure remember market still hasn't opened So we in the market's next flow feed will still have July 14, but the open interest is already Resembled in some contracts or in all contracts We saw that the Semiconductor ETF received 7,000 inside 7,000 in volume open interest what was a hundred and ninety seven And right now we are 7,020 open interest. So that open interest almost all came through Almost all came through So this whole transaction 32 million dollars on a single leg came through interesting Let me add it today Let me add it to the AI trade watch The other interesting one was DRM DRM is was on other condition. So it will appear on this one We saw 25 million dollars being executed Let me hide that real quick. Let me take the photo of this real quick. Okay We saw 30,000 in size 5000 in size two trades That's twenty five point two million dollars being traded in just two trades We saw it on TLCT Sorry, I think you guys don't see it You guys don't see some part of it on my screen, but don't worry. I will show it your way We saw that The entirety of that trade we saw 584 open interest yesterday And we saw 35,000 traded. We saw the open interest today Very interesting trade 358-359 just before the market close. We saw DRM. DRM is the ETF for memory. So basically SMDK MU Hynix Samsung whatever well Samsung is not here, but because it's not an American trade stock SK Hynix is here because it's an ADR now Uh So basically memory ETF concentrated basket. We saw these whole 35,000 being traded The volume was traded. We can see a year in the country details. It was traded at 720 contract close at exactly 720 very interesting trade and The other one that was pretty interesting was the crowd strike 240 for December. This is very interesting. Why? $7 million being traded $7 million being traded aggressively for December Volume and size almost the volume and it's almost three four Almost three times the open interest. Let me see if this contract added. We can see this contract added 2700 traded I Added to the open interest very interesting So very bullish positions being open This is a software company. So this is in the same sectors as Palantino or a call Microsoft starts like that the crowd strike is in the same sector. Let me see if I how I can move my screen in a second Yeah, I just saw that I'm covering a little bit of information Give me a second. Let me let me try to solve the episode before the market market open Yeah, I don't think I have to restart the line for that Because you won't let me change the camera right now Right now when using streaming software, I usually use the streaming software which let me change the size of the camera Yeah, but I think it's taking a lot of space right now Yeah, I understand what you're saying But I'm also noticing like my screen where my face It's covering a lot of a lot of part on the screen. I Will have to adjust that for next time. Yeah, I had it in like in the middle. So Yeah, right now So that's basically it That's those three contracts are what I like this one This one These three contracts. I'm gonna leave and leave them there So you guys can see it. I don't like the expirations on these two, but they have a lot of money coming through And this is basically both of them are at the money and this one is out of the money The out of the money one is for farther expiration date Let me tell me in a second. We are Market just open. Let's see If a quick preview These trading you these not part of markets neck, but I'm using it to view how the market react How's Intel doing? Actually Intel Intel was at 111 On the overnight trading interrupt quite a little bit. It's 108 Let's see you. What do we have? And we have my filters here Premium 760 call August Well, not very much money. I know I'm more recent in a second Seems to have some sort of delay right now in the moment See if we can fix that 212 and media 212 and media Crowdstrike had a split. I'll say it's going up all the markets going up right now Cosby closed a lot close Cosby Cosby closed at 6% up DRM DRM is right now 2% down Interesting. So what's in you doing in use $24 down 2.5% down Also as and the case and the case 4% down Let's see. What do we have here? Yeah Right on the floor fits guys. Well Intel went all the way to 111 pre-market. It's right now a 107 point 50 That's kind of a sad moment for us. We were hoping it would stay above 110 So you can see just drop all the way here That's a little bit of it. That's the same bit of a shame to be honest. We were hoping it will open higher You can see was that 109 when it opened. How is our position doing? We're 276 dollars. I'm gonna show it to you guys if you didn't see on this card with open Joy We bought at $21 each. We're $316 upside 320 Intel fell we were supposed to open a little bit higher, but that's training life 230 that's the only trade we have taken this week This week is kind of oh You saw that No, where I will show you later. What's that? Let me see if these seconds move Yeah, we're having some Looks like we're having some issues from massive Dealing with well, there it goes in tells what right now 108 108 point 10 Trying to gain some back when you pre-market move That's about to go to 23 dollars We are almost 10% up in this trade We invested 400 for 4,200 40 200 So that 420 that's over 10% gain on the trade. I Know you guys don't see it. I'm worried You can see it right now 108 stop sharing here Okay, let's see how these contracts moving the DRM one they paid 720 they paid 720 and the contract is at 635 635 he just had a dropper They're still in they're still in for August the volume is not moving with $1 So if I go to my list, I Got to my list and I go to a I trade wash. I think that's where I added it We can see where is it where is it let's also see to the SMH The SMH they bought it at 47 10 right now it's at 46 65 Because the spread is kind of awkward is 3.4 percent So these contracts right now from the start they're negative From the start. Let's see the crowd strike one The crowd strike was 240 December 18 I think this was doing pretty well. Yeah, this was doing pretty well We're up 1.8 percent from crowd strike today. They paid 25 10 right now. It's at 30. Wow Yes, well, what's that 30 right now? It's not Terry right now. It's at 26 point 90 28 point 90 So right now it's like at 27. They're already made some gains on that contract. It's the market doing well 107 point 44 on Intel Intel is misbehaving Market at 75 575 5 interesting With oil going up. I think yeah, well US tried to gain the 214, but couldn't right now is Going back. We only magnificent seven that's down to Samantha How is Tesla doing? That's two point thirty three percent. Wow Amazon Amazon I had those contracts Research here so you guys can see The 220s for September this will be doing good Yeah, 38 point 10 he entered what he entered at 31 point 30 right now. It's at 38 point point 10 so he's up Almost $7 680 he's up You can see how he's switching straight 220 call September 18 right now Right now Amazon is at 251 and you reach 253 Couple one is a couple of minutes back. Yeah crowd strike one is what was added We just saw it here. Move this Richard in the collars Let's see. Let me change here. So you guys can see okay? I'm gonna show you a brief moment the option shame See what we can look at the option You guys see the flow feed Here we have our famous or in famous flow feed. We have the what we call the magnet what we call the Let me look here So you guys can see it here. We have the put wall and here we have the call wall So basically this ask The put wall you can say It's a supporter in worse. It's work as a supporter resistance for the puts and they call war wall Where's work as a supporter resistance right now? We're building to 15. So this is basically or resistance No, this update hasn't been released yet. So I'm showing you guys before this is gonna be released In two weeks in two weeks. So don't worry. So I'm just showing you a sneak peek We can go to the monthly and we can have we can see the call wall at 215 We can see the put wall the put wall what right now and that is 197.50 and videos at 211.84 Here we can see that $1.9 million are being freed up to 15. I click it You have quick if I click it, it will take me to that contract that's being traded You can see it here. You can see the volume I don't have to go back and forth change it You can see the call wall you can see the put wall right now and video has a really strong call wall Here at 215. So that's why we saw that's why we saw That it couldn't break those 215 earlier on the day it went almost to 214 And that's on the monthly expiration. There's an option chain There's an option chain like no other you won't you won't see this on thinkorswim or whatever App you're using because we have more stuff integrated to it And we have the magnet basically the magnet what is Where where there is The most balance between the puts and the calls You can see the balance here 169 millions. It's way unbalanced to the calls, but it's the most balance between those two You can see it's to 202 point 15 What's notional value notional value basically means The quantity of opening dress which is 9,800 times a hundred contracts times 202 150 so that will give you 167 point four million this is greater than knowing the premium that is in the opening dress because We know that if these contracts expired doesn't go to the monthly because monthly are more important When these contracts expired 78.5 either is if they're not rolled over Or if they're not sold they gotta buy 78,000 point 50 contracts which are equivalent to a hundred stock Per contract and they have to buy one point five billion dollars On July 17, which is in two days If they buy one point five billion dollars of a media 200 that's gonna push the price higher That's what we can expect If these contracts are not rolled over right now we are seeing the volume is one point one K, which is Very good because we're seeing they're not exiting these contracts You can see it. They're not they're not exiting these contracts and now we have one point two billion dollars being tricked In the open interest in the 210 What do you guys thinks are you liking where you're seeing? so That's basically The new option shame you can search whatever you like you can you can search for example Intel and on Intel it will be the same thing we will have Obviously MBA is a much traded stock Much higher traded stock, but we can go to August. I will have stuff like that We will have the call wall 120. We will have the put wall at a hundred and that's the magnet a hundred dollars The most balance a strike price put wall a hundred Call wall 120 and In this scenario the put wall is the same as the magnet Right now. We are not seeing very much action traded today. Let me see if I have Yeah, I think we're back live now We had a minor issue with our data provider massive what we're back live So these are very interesting aspects so you guys can see now what's being traded was being not traded Besides the flow feed you can click whatever you guys like over here If you guys do you guys like the hundred and twenty puts you can click here I will take you to do 120 puts or if you like the hundred and thirty calls You can click here and go to a hundred and thirty calls. So it's very attractive You don't have to copy the contractor. They don't have to go to go back to the flow feed I hate the contract. It will take you straight to the contract details Let's see Let's see what's happening. Let me put my filters Let me put my filters right now. We're up to date at the moment. Let's see what's happening. We have a Lot of memory sector going on This is the ADR the new in the art I got introduced. We see two million dollars Two million dollars entering on the 180 calls, but I don't like that the volume is below the opening trust I don't like that. I Like the expiration, but the impactful activities also kind of I so you're over paying for those contracts right now that Stock is trading at 183 We're seeing a lot of memory flows a new SMDK as sky age why SMO actually beats a bit early inside went up You know, there isn't that's There's not a lot of million dollars Traits going on We're trading with zero DTE MSFT Has 34 million dollars in calls today They're treating that like crazy 390 calls Zero DTE But they're done at the moment, right? Yeah, 164 Yeah, but what most Microsoft doing? Yeah, I think it's just rising on the moment You open a tree 90 You can see the volume is way higher than the opening trust right now Yeah, they don't have the Lotus gonna be low because it's a zero DTE That's why the Delta it's that low They're just they trade in those contracts, which is kind of weird So there's a lot of action in that They're day trading at the money contracts. Okay, I don't see I'm single legs. I don't see much action Let's go to the multi legs to see if I see you so if I spot anything unusual They're looking for a normalized man. Yeah They yeah, they're they're trading that they may be trading that new second Really interesting stock market You can go back and stock market spy was Emily spy for a second spy 753 it went all the way to 755 we can click here We can go to view contract and we can analyze spy real quick spy went all the way Went all the way to 755 He opened a 755 right now. It's a 753 So we had like a gap up, but right now It's not responding. It's going back down. It's only point-ranking percent up We're still better than yesterday What is this? They're selling the 735 butts and buying the 766 776 calls the same multi like a vertical But it's really interesting because look at the open interest. They could be the same person exiting Yeah, look at this. I these are pretty easy to read This is 735 puts They entered on July 13. They entered they paid $8 for the tree and then today Two days later. They're exiting At $7.80 they're exiting Look there. This is the exact same amount 5,000 versus 5,000 They lost $215,000, but it looks like They're rolling over to 776 call Really interesting move so first there were buried on the market Then they're bullish on the market 44 days out point 27 delta. I don't like the delta. I don't like the timing But it's odd because they say weekly. It's not a monthly. How do I know it's a weekly because this isn't the third month You can go here. Wow Intel is really dropping Really did a fake out You can go here and we can see you'll see August 21 is a monthly August 28 We put all strike because it's a 776 And you can see you can see here. These the unusual trade Open interest volume at the ask or above ask. I'm sorry $2,000,000 7776 And we can see it here in the new option chain You can see the call wall for August 28 is 774 111 million dollars Just gonna move a little bit lower once we go closer to that date But still a very only very odd That kind of odd trade. I Keep an eye out on that. This was at a hundred 60 Like five minutes back now. It's at 238. It's at 238 Let me see what else Not anything much. How much is Oracle today? 129 It's having a green day for once. I think it's like 20 days plus or something that they haven't had a green day Papals have some news today Stripe are supposedly offering $60,000,000, $55,000,000 something like that to buy them stripe and a But people it's not answering yet So if you see some kind of odd flow on paper, it's because of that People yeah, 14% up on the day But it's because of that stripe if you don't know stripe is the largest fintech in the world It's the largest ass my bad. Well, yes, it's fintech the largest ass Is it basically a payment Software well look at that. That's why we have so much flow going on on paper. I'm really interested What is the xpx doing today? All right, I'm just looking something here. I don't wait Okay, let's go back and check the flows we saw yesterday to see how they're doing 62 call For August There are six dollars six dollars What is the SM doing today? Tomorrow we have TSM earnings TSM earnings tomorrow. There's gonna be a wild earnings It's gonna be the first semicolon big semiconductor earnings. Well as ml actually gave earnings out today, but They were actually good But TSM is way bigger on In the outlook for the semiconductors because as I know it's more of a niche lady I explained yesterday what they do They basically have little lithography ultraviolet Yeah, they did good but look The market rewarded them with the pre-market now there are only seven dollars up. That's not that's not that good right now Wow, what what if fall for Intel? What if fall for Intel? Yeah, I think that I think today. It's gonna be here They're pretty slow day. We're just waiting for this guy for this Goliath to present earnings various look very slow Calls and train almost no puts but very slow tape We're just waiting for this Goliath Let's check the tea this word for August Way back. I didn't select the correct one Yeah, you can We're still making money on this contract One forty dollars to the upside three percent We weren't ten percent earlier Rich 23 dollars Yeah, but we have that catalyst tomorrow for the semiconductor sector So we will have to wait on that Also this contract so I don't have all this quarter up. Yeah, we went to that earlier They added we see it in we see this thirty three million dollars very interesting contract During the negative because the contract right now is up forty four Forty-four something. Oh, sorry, I misquick something here Me at this corner, right? I Antis I say I anticipate a pretty slow day as we await TSM earnings tomorrow in the pre-market We can check if TSM has moved those flows have moved what I don't think so Because I checked yesterday and they will they were still in Yeah, I can see that they're still in They're sitting tidy or their positions here. They're in the red actually Pretty the red they paid 89 and 78 You can look at the 78 They're right now forty nine dollars. I don't like to play earnings But this one TSM Almost always delivers we don't say I'm gonna say it will deliver this time, but This is not financial advice, but TSM almost always delivers if it doesn't deliver them We will go down a little bit on the semiconductor sector because they're by them and immediately are basically Represent the whole semi-conductor sector We also have SMA this one TSM 420 put September 18 These guys are selling contracts. They're still in They're pretty negative at the moment because they sold They sold contracts at $20 And the contract right now is at $32 so hear me out Basically what Marcus Knight is telling us The flows are telling us is That someone's but she's position in a hundred and a hundred and twenty four million dollars on the four hundred calls Somebody selling the four hundred twenty puts and somebody's but she's positionally on the on the five ninety five calls For August 21 on the semiconductor sector and this bad entered yesterday Yesterday it's very interesting Because Why will they do that yesterday having a catalyst tomorrow or today with ASML and having a catalyst tomorrow? Right now in the scene any bearish flow to be honest on the semiconductor sector and Again, there is no financial advice or anything. I'm but I'm not seeing bearish flow Institutional in money is not betting against the AI trade We I don't see that. I just basically I just don't see that The DRAM we thought we also sub that one will be an open yesterday So you're gonna ask me Kevin watch what I do I don't trade everything's I will directly trade TSM I'm already on Intel positions Already on Intel positions The day the day is long I Think we will have some action before they might get close or more flows right now is pretty slow Was anticipated pretty slow But I think I will give you I Will give you any feedback I see on this chord I go if I see something really weird, I will share it On the Intel positions we have at the moment. They're there Continuously continuously dropping Wow 106 we're around 108 earlier on But I don't want to enter a trade That I'm not really If there's no trade, I'm not gonna enter a trade to be honest Just for the sake of entering the trade. I don't see anything clearly right now Those contracts that I that I told you yeah, they're pretty clear, but we have a catalyst to go for them so I don't I don't I don't want you guys to To enter a trade by just entering a trade Wow Amazing 393 this where I want a 60 earlier. I should have day traded that I saw it No, I didn't close my Intel contract You can see it's open right now. I have to 160 to 440 that was a hell of a day tree from 29 Delta to 40 Delta Wow, how did I see them? Is those msft Literally like a scrolling through here Like you can see it popped up. It's like the 30 yet one You can see through the tee And then I click on the When the magnifying glass I appear You're just the day trading that you can see it on the beat on the ass. I saw them when they were at 160 Right now Microsoft broke through and they're at 440 interest here Before let me see All spice spice gaining some traction isn't it? 755 755 point 26 What is moving spy actually you're having this some there has to be something that's moving spy. Well, Microsoft Yeah, basically magnificent son Melta is now in the green The only one red landing moment is Nvidia point 37. Let me share it for you guys because I know you're not seeing my screen Gonna head out and go to trade you for a second Immediately only one in the red right now, but we can see Amazon. Wow Amazon 2.5% up Army got downgraded that we got that horrendous candle the other day Google five dollars to the upside Microsoft looks like wants to push to 400 finally And this one is pushing basically these three Well, Apple 223 Yeah, I think that's another all-time high Apple another all-time high Eight dollars and eighty eight cents Yeah, and the 110 calls from Intel They also add it up You can see here Intel 110 I think what's July 24 And see they they they added they were added 685 we are right now on the discount 629 which surprisingly they're only Not that big of a discount Because Intel has fallen a little bit. It's a one eight. No, it's not eight percent down We also have the Intel 115 the call July 24 Which also got some premium yesterday and also was added to the open interest Two million dollars. It's not that much, but it's Interesting trade that hold here. That's a swing trader under doing there And they're 120 negative Because the contract is at 460 450 now Well, I'm missing out. I'll define. What is this? Look at the software word IGB I wouldn't like to play into earnings I would like like the contract to go like 15 percent and then I would get out I would have gotten out if Intel had if Intel had opened at 110 today, but it didn't If the contracts were at like 25 26 dollars, I would have gotten out. I was sent the message That I would have gotten out But it didn't so That's a Sad bit for our part Well, we just got a danger in these msft what I didn't took What is it now? Five dollars from 165 dollars. Wow The heck of a day threat I just missed so it's so You can spot them pretty easily You can see it popped up a lot a lot Well, this guy grabbed it at 110 They were trading the upside here And you could have bought it at three dollars and sold it at five or you could bought it at one dollar and sold it at five We sold it at two or three So basically you could have converted a thousand dollars to three thousand if you But after earnings if it drops it could raise to catch a recovery, right? Yeah, but you will have to play for a longer term Like not by the september or by October november if it falls a lot It's 10 14 a.m See, I don't like these kind of trades What are they exactly doing here? They're selling part of the open interest That did look we have earnings tomorrow and they're starting to do Weird things on the tsn It looks like they're selling their open interest. I don't think they're buying it selling premium I think they're just profit taking just in case Not very much premium going on that Let's stop with that They're just buying randomly strikes And we're still wondering what they're doing with the sndk like obviously this is very deep in the body 1.7 million dollars in gold Yeah, I think spy's gonna be paying all that money there Yeah, it looks like For those who will have it realized we're not that far away from all-time highs All-time highs was for like was seven sixty four and four or something like that Or just five dollars from all-time highs five dollars For all the things that are happening five dollars from all-time highs It's not that far That's less than one percent from all-time highs less than one percent How's crowd strike doing? Huh? Going I thought it wasn't going way higher to be honest Yeah, basically they're taking a breather man Apple is just Going rocket ship at the moment That one didn't appear much on the flow feed Yeah, not the one wasn't pretty clear that it could happen But qqq If you don't follow his pie, you can see 0.47 percent versus 0.09 percent Yeah, those four are just moving you can see them here. Let me move that These four Google and sft amazon and apple they're moving Dolly Fall meta Meta is also moving with them Well qqq isn't moving with them. That's so weird. That's so weird This is negative for me. They send a conductor word Is bdi is only 0.05 percent up. I don't know something seems fishy Like for all the push that we're having the flows are not really packing them And qqq is not moving with them semiconductor is lagging I don't know something seems fishy Look qqq is negative on the day how? Like this is not the korean market that when this goes up it is going to go up walla tile But because there's a lot of more stocks on that but Look in media is the first one in media is green. Well, it's not that green. What apple Well, micro is not that green that also but microsoft amazon alphabet tesla Meta alphabet They're all pretty green on the day They're all pretty green on the day And you can tell me yeah, but micro and nvidia are already. Yeah But qqq is not moving either way qqq is like at the same And now we're 0.74 dollar for 0.74 cents there Do you see what i'm going? And if you add that I don't see any flows going right now Yeah, I think it's just sitting on the bench kind of day If you didn't catch the add the apple one or the microsoft one Wow The microsoft one was the best one today Wow Wow, wow, wow Seven dollars Yeah, that was the only like Good trade on the day You can see five 15 minutes But things are not moving with them. They're just moving apart these four Yeah, until it's just falling because they want to fall right now Went all the way to 111 is one 103 That's life. Yeah, but the whole sector the whole semiconductor sector is red Which really the whole semiconductor sector Marvel is about to go below 200 Just let that sink in You were shorted to spy on 756 If intel if okay if intel's go If intel goes below below 102 I'm gonna have one more contract below 102 Today's I say again, this is not financial advice or anything This is just for education purposes, but Today is though today is a very weird day to trade Market is holding still semiconductor markets going whole is holding still into tsm reports tomorrow Wow, this is just 11 million dollars in the south korea market interesting 685 calls on meta 685 calls of meta But the thing about those contracts is they they just cost too much I got I don't like the delta on that thing 48. You're paying $4,000 for 48, but I think this thing can move This one can move Meta is one of those volatile stocks that if you cash in and you make I propose the next future for markets that give me better entries We will all be in the universe if you if we Actually make that happen Yeah, this thing I think I'm fly Wow from being 400 up on the intel contract to being 300 And intel just keeps dropping it's 5% down on the day Two weeks option chains come out in two weeks It's a tough game. Yeah today specifically is just a tough game today Yeah, but these two flows are very interesting They're hoping We're seeing the ground flow and we flow We're gonna have this These kind of flows are very crucial I'm gonna monitor this one and I will tell you What I'm going to do on the day Because I think we can drop lower Yes, buy it doesn't be is not behaving. Look at QQQ QQQ is down two dollars almost So he was gonna go down The meta one I like it. I like it. I don't like the delta, but I don't like the DTA. That's why the delta But that kind of flow is very rich one, but he said very costly He said very costly contract Yeah, now QQQ is flying hard Yeah, dude, just look at meta house going Ah, they always know something That's a perfect example Why I'm saying this is this is just one of which one Look at that 671 Coin and ms dr No, I don't see anything big Coin There's not even one Above a hundred thousand today Not even one Hmm. We're just watching that meta go Because I can trade it right now, but uh I don't feel very good buying that What's the 10 on that 62? Yeah, but I think it's moving 672 dollars, I know The meta contract will you wait some days before entering? I think that's a day three what they're doing or a swing trade But a short swing trade So you recommend let the trade run forward to see how it moves and acts top Yeah, but but that's yeah for a bit different sections. You would usually wait some days But for example for meta Meta is an exception of this rule because meta Usually There are These are day traders swing traders short swing traders. You can look at this one Right now this one is like a 42 right now because meta is moving meta is at 672 673 dollars. This is an updated That contract is at 43 dollars so 11 million dollars is not that big of a trade for meta. It's a lot of money still But it's not like a 200 million dollars trade. We see on intel or or media So that for those kind of trades, I will wait a little bit For this one in meta Personally think this is a more of a day or a short swing trade Um If you let entered a couple bits value will be array 300 bucks Yeah, for example wolf That's a lot of money for that stock. So do we have to wait a couple of days? Yeah, but I think that's I think that's we're going to see for now. I think it's gonna come down a little bit I will let you guys know if I trade anything specifically it is specifically bought Days weird for a day trading You have to be very careful today very very very very very very good for you We're getting that 7 Let me see that at least more January 27. Is that a date? Oh, you mean January 2020? 20 27? Yeah, yeah Yes, almost a billion dollars We haven't That's a lot of money I think Yeah, they're opening this got this one as well I don't exactly know if they're opening because you can see the opening interest, but they're at the gas I'm as soon as being very strong with 255 3% of the day $7 Yeah, the max sevens are doing their job Look at that Do you understand what I said five minutes back? But that was as $668 $668 Right now it's at 675 Meta is just an exception to what I have told you or you have learned from me Meta just moves so recklessly So when you see those kind of trades usually they mean something Well, hey, I'm trading a 25 000 account. I don't want to risk So much money If the account was above, uh, let me about 50 000 I will have about like two contracts But look the contracts are ready at 43 dollars. We're just $20 out of the morning Contracts worth 43.60 So I think that's everything for today $101 Wow That thing just Was 110 today Right, let me just click What ever in this chart Just look at the whole sector man. The whole sector is very red Now I can understand why the QQQ is so red Man TSM is just destroying the sector today Okay, but I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna do. I don't want you two guys to leave that We have one of these has been very vital. You want me in like an hour and 20 minutes I'm gonna average down a little bit here Let's see if it feels I told you guys I was gonna buy an R1 below 102 This Intel team is going on with everything around this sector. So if you go see for example, Manuel If you go see TSM if you go see NVIDIA they're all red So this is why now Now makes more sense because the entire sector is very red If you go to the memory sector Michael is seven seven percent down if you go to a sand disk They're just waiting waiting waiting for Going then I'm going through them really fast But that's basically What's being happening right now I just want to clear something up and it came in the commentaries the other day You can see my buying power being 46 000 But that's because the margin total But here's what I have got So there's been that's basically margin right kind of trade options with that You can go here So if you see 46 000, don't believe I have some tails in the account I don't have some tails in the account. You can see the whole value here people I don't have any extra buying power. That's just margin investing here Uh, let's see so I can show you guys They go they can go here to NVIDIA and buy some options And you will see the difference. I have 46 000 buying power because this is the stock When I go trade options, I only have 23 000 You can see the buying power because you're gonna buy options on margin I just want to make that a clarity note because I people I don't know. They don't tend to believe when Other people are making money. I don't know I know that there's a lot of fake gurus or whatever, but I don't think you want to do right now. I'm just Trying to prove a point that we market that we market snack and everything you can make money Let me see if my order goes through But I would I don't think that that will go through Yeah, just rerun that from there, man It didn't get filled at any moment. Oh, you just got filled. Yeah, so right now you see I have a position plus three dollars Plus three contracts when britman average cost is 20 dollars point 18 cents per contract So now I have to work in value 5 000 because we're down 474 dollars Let me see what else Market is dropping again supply is dropping again It's by dropping again. Let me see And for those for those of you guys that have made it this far We will also have the gex In the following two weeks I can show you real quick how it will look Here we have the gex It will it will look a little bit different from this from this All right, let's type something So this is finally coming Right now the gex It's pretty much to the upside. We have a net positive gex So I'm not really inclined to chore everything You can look this and you can also take a sneak peek at spy No worry, you wouldn't change it like this. I'm just changing it like this. So You gotta also check mdx Which mdx is down at the moment because kikiki is down so If I take a look at this gex Man, I I'm seeing upside right now I'm seeing upside. You can look very green to the upside Me and victor will do a tutorial for the gex Victor is more of an expert on this I'm more of a swing trader. I can I can also take trade on with gex but Don't worry. He will do a tutorial. I will also do a tutorial on this This will come out in the next two weeks. This is just a sneak peek It will basically have the same functions as call wall, port wall, and magnet So you can see we're moving to the upside now So we can trade with gex well if you guys want It will be like this on launch. We will have plans to Make it more flexible for you guys, but on launch it will be like this Work is trying to make a bottom here on the qqq Yes, I don't wear I don't like doing that I don't mind one contract on 750 But it's just that the volume isn't there. I can see it on the gex. Remember that xpx gex. It's way It's way more volatile the xpx word With the spy on I want to make a couple more minutes But yeah, that's it for today if I trade something else if I trade this pie I will let you guys know On the discord, so thank you guys for watching if you are not on the discord the link is right below in the description So you guys can join And from there you can follow all The entries that I do in the public portfolio, which is this one Hope you guys enjoyed and I hope you guys like the new features that I just show you Be safe. We're day-to-day trade. So be safe that don't chase trades Remember the ones that survive in this market are the ones that control the risk So see you later
