Transcripción de: MarketSnack_Live_-_25K_Challenge.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 3716s
------------------------------------------------------------

Well, can you hear me? Let me know in the comments if you can hear me We'll start in two or three minutes. I'm gonna let more people join For though, who's have who's have joined we're gonna start at 935. I'm waiting a couple more minutes for everyone to join So Sit back and relax Well, I think we have One more minute But we're gonna start at 935 already five minutes into the opening of the market I dropped my phone So, let's see for those who are new here The isn't open life. So I suspect that's so new there's some new people Welcome to market snack. We're gonna we're gonna start doing these 25k live trading account challenge Every Wednesday, we're gonna do it weekly We can trade we don't have to trade on the live The life is just pure showing the platform and if we see something we can trade it But we can also trade for example today's Wednesday Tomorrow I can send on the discord something I saw and I can send the explanation of Well, this thing is happening on the market We are gonna I Think it's a fair entry I'm gonna explain why I'm gonna enter why I'm gonna exit I'm gonna explain everything on the discord But on the live page on on the live day that is today from 9 30 a.m. Every Wednesday from now on I'm gonna view the opening with you guys and hopefully Get you all know guys to Understand the public the platform and how I view things and how I interpret stuff and flows And this is life. So this is completely different from those that I do Also on the weekly basis, but those are off-market. So we don't have life flows coming in This is gonna be like a 45 minutes to an hour So I hope you enjoy So right now we are six minutes into the open I'm gonna start using my filters Right now. This is the all-new filter system that markets Mac has we are right now on the flow feed We're my filters. We know we can now save filters But I'm gonna do it all over again. So you guys can see and understand what I'm doing on Here on the click more I select condition multi leg and I Disselect multi leg. I don't like viewing multi legs at the very beginning of the market opening. I Also come to I click on single leg and then from here I deselect these two the M E SL and F M F SL I click apply and on other I Just like a intermarket sweep order and from there I click apply also the premium I like it to be descending Right now it's an it's on ascending, but then I click here again, and it's descending premium and The premium above a hundred thousand so right now This is what happening what is happening today We can see the biggest rates because it's only sending the biggest trade on the top all the way to the load to the small straight We can see the unusual Like this very unusual from a one million or above of nine hundred thousand to be exact We have it highlighted in gold and we have the Delta Also highlighted because it's above fifth delta and we have the implied volatility also highlighted on the neutral Here we have is a single leg order We have the bearish note because it's a put being bought at the ask or near the ask And then we have the unusual because he has three or more When I click the trade I can see the contract price right now I can only show it on a daily basis five day like on a linear graph One month and all Here we see the volume that enter at 930. We saw a hundred in size So we can see it on the graph here. We have a profit and loss put put chart, but this this chart is For the expiration so it's not for the trade. Don't confuse that this for the expiration. That's why we have break even the max loss We have the all the other Greeks. We have the data. We have the Vega and we have the gamma We have the DTE here. We have the stock price the exchange is what's right on and the Condition which you can also see it here. That's the execution the condition So that's basically What's very old all the things we have on the flow feed Well on the on the on the floor bar here, that's that's a floor bar Then we have the execution price. We have below bit price We have at bit price. You can you can read it here most bars feel toward the bit side We have bit price, which means it's closer to the bid and it's closer to the ask But it's not in the mid We have made which is the mid of one and one twenty one ten And it's the same logic applied to the bid now to the ask 115 is closer to the ask then it's to the bid But it isn't exactly hit on the ask here. We have a at ask price one twenty one twenty. That's two bars And we have three bars one twenty five to one twenty. I'm going around right now explaining Explaining what exactly is for flow feed for those of you that are new Right now Let's see what's here. What's happening here. This is very interesting. We have three bars. And like I just said this above ask price They paid right now. This talk is at 300 if we can search be You can search be bees up one percent at the moment And we can see the asset premium sentiment on the asset You can see that it has 33.9 million on calls 91 percent and on those calls You can see 23.3 million calls are executed at the ask That means that 10 million call calls are executed at the bid those may be exits or they're selling premium on the calls which is Likely at the moment because we can see the stronger side On the calls that are being executed at the asset. This is maybe some Some people are closing On the strong upside that be has at the moment We can see the puts are very low Here is basically the same you can sum all these two which is 37 0.7 million dollars and it will give you this math This is just bid and ask either on puts or calls Right now we can see be let's say this contract exactly we have 10 million dollars 10 million dollars On this contract being executed at the ask 370 call 370 call For september 18 79 days away The implied volatility is very high. I don't really like that the open interest is kind of high already So because of that we can see that the volume isn't near the open interest So although this is being executed above ask you have to be careful because there's open interest there Let me adjust again by premium. I'm gonna add it. I'm gonna call this new Let me add it real quick. I'm gonna call this trade uh Market snack like I did not do it correctly Now I'm gonna add that trade just to view it Right now if I click we have the contract details You can see the volume is 2000 the open interest is 17 000 If I go on the daily note we can see Here you have seven graphs and in these seven graphs we have the contract activity open interest open premium Which is the contract price times the open interest and that will give you a hundred and four million dollars We have the live premium exposure. We can see this part that the the open interest that's seating that 17 000 is making 3 million dollars right now Well, it's making more because those 10 million dollars already entered But you can see if basically what you have to know here is that the gold bar when it's when the gold bar is above the blue bar Because right now we're on the market open. But if I go to only five days I was on the one day you can scroll it down here If the gold bar is above the blue bar that means that the price Of the contract is higher than at the moment that when they entered the trade Because we had a lot of premium before today entering We can see that it has been growing slowly and steady So right now we have 117 Million dollars in premium in live premium and 19 to 92 million dollars in premium. That's 15 million uh, 25 million dollars difference Then we have the premium traded Which will be higher than the that the net premium on the five days because on the five days We have seen traded even at the ask or at the bid we have seen traded 92.4 million dollars And the net premium we have 13.7 million dollars because net premium means Contracts being sold at the bid and contracts being bought at the ask Because they use a call Well, it just it is a net premium for the contract something that Others don't have other companies that we have a net premium per contract And this is very interesting because we can Understand what is really happening on the asset and on that contract specifically Because here we just saw the 10 million dollars entered and you can see the shoe spike You can see 10 million dollars entered here Remember you can see all graphs You can see the 2087 in volume you can see here and then you can see the 11.8 million dollars premium in bucket there I mean entered that's why it gave us a spike And the option pressure index means that 97.6 percent of the options traded were single leg in the last five days We go to the month that also 96.9 percent were single leg Single legs Are a higher conviction than multi legs because multi legs can mean Very complex things sometimes that we really don't understand Well, we can understand but sometimes there's a lot of multi legs going on On a stock and they can be butterflies or could be calendar spreads diagonal spreads All kind of spreads so it gets very confusing So a single leg is easier to understand when you see execution Any doubts at the moment? I'm explaining the platform real quick before we get I'm waiting for more flows to come in But that's what's been happening. Let's see. Let's go again Remember I deleted the multi I filtered out the multi legs. I have every single leg except these two And then another I have intermarket sweep order is iso I I click apply I have the descending and I have the premium higher 100,000 And I can save it as a filter. I can save it if I like it here Is I have already have I already have it. I can save it as a snacker I have two snackers now, but I can delete one and that's my filter. So if I click reset filter It will give me the live option flow That's going in above 100,000 if I give it will be Way quicker But if I want my filters now, I can just click snacker and I will give you that's the name I gave it You can give it whatever name you want At the moment look, this is another interesting way on 947 am 943 am 100 call for september 18 This person bought a buff as $42 1.9 million dollars if I click here 2.1 million dollars in two trades But remember open interest is higher than the volume and then the size obviously size Volume can be higher than the size and open interest can be higher than the volume on a daily basis So Let's see what's intro intel is doing right now Interest at 135.23 So that contract may have Let's see Yeah, the open interest is It's very high on this contract Let's go look for something That doesn't have the open interest as high right now It's easier to identify based on the unusual I have a stock that I have been watching How much is it doing today? 407 0.14. So if I go here Also, how does the search work? I can type LRXCX And I have a contract that I saw the other day. I can just remember 360 put august So this is ways, right? I also can do it like the original way like the tink or swim way We can do it like this 08 21 Put 360 and will give me the same result But if you if you don't want to type all that you can just type And I will give you the same thing. I can do it also call And it doesn't matter you can put three call first. It just it reads the same See Let's see this contract The open interest is still in The open premium has gone down You can see, okay Here's an example life premium exposure right now is below the blue line Because they bought 20 million dollars 20 million dollars at 34 35 33 37 30 38 they bought it Spred it across june 25 940 946 942 953 They bought it higher and higher and higher the puts the put the contract price for that put Right now the contract is sitting at 21 dollars Here you can see the volume spike on june 25 you can see 566 contracts being bought at the ass if I click here it will get Get me to the times and sales So here in the times and sales I can see above ask being traded Right now they're very in the red. They're 14 dollars in the red That's what like almost 50 red. Well, I think it's a little bit more But they're holding in these contracts Right now on the daily She isn't doing very well the previous close was 40 433.33 and right now it's at 406 90 And there's they are not still moving My bad. I was showing you the contract price for They're not that ready anymore because of this drop I saw it here on the spread the spread is almost in 10 percent. I don't really like that But you can see right now it's at 28.83 Was at 21 yesterday. So you got a seven dollar spike from yesterday because it dropped 26 dollars Uh, I can use others other conditions on others But uh, that's my way of doing it I also can I sometimes can put tea awful I can put the ones with the tea But that's just my initial review on the market when I stop doing You know what? Let's give it a try Let's put the all the other conditions for at the moment Let's see if something else has dropped 292 July 31 that's 30 days away Well, look at the execution. It's a eight cents spread 16 million dollars on the bid but isn't technically on the bid bid It's closer to the bid But it's almost a mid execution But this is the kind of contracts that are very interesting because you can see the volume is way higher than the opening threshold. This is an opening contract, but we don't know if Sell to open or buy to open because the execution is right in the middle so We'll have to wait for these kind of contracts I like contracts that have higher volume than the open interest and they're either to the bid or they're either to the ask They're skewed to one. This isn't isn't very skewed. So this is very neutral uh, right now I put The other as you requested so we can see what else You can see if you don't understand what an other means you can go here I will explain Others are very They're more likely than a single leg and a multi leg So you can also leave them on and it will categorize them like here on other And so you can just walk by walk walk by pass them scroll pass them Hmm very interesting man TSM has some really Bullish shady stuff going on. I'm gonna show you real quick If I want to view session dates, I can just go here and you're gonna understand why We have the 400 calls hit on june 29 and genome on hit on june 30. I'm gonna view these contracts We saw 62 million dollars This was added completely to the open interest june 29 $8,000 straight and it was added completely to the open interest now We can see if this was added to that open interest and I can guess so because we see 21 000 So how much the net premium in the last two days has been in the last five days Has been 125 million dollars. You can see the life premium exposure the gold bar being above the blue bar You understand that right? The prob the the thing is The thing is that we have been also being seen the put sellers This is a hundred percent a put seller You can see this person look at look at the open interest yesterday 1408 today the open interest is 7751 This person is selling premium for the 420 puts You can see below bid so I think tsm for the long term right now Just based on these flows And then now we just saw this one Being sold to open Very interesting I didn't add this i'm gonna add it today to this one Let me remove the session Here we go Big one coming in Big one coming in We just saw this live Here we go auto condition right now QQQ is at 729. We just saw a 795 call entering for March 19 69 million dollars Let's see if the volume is higher than the open interest The total volume today is 17,000. We saw this trade the I think we saw this trade a couple weeks back new contract The volume is at 26 I like the execution But we will have to wait tomorrow But this is a huge trade coming in on the ask aside We can see on the monthly the net premium is 109 million dollars They're definitely adding We saw this trade Let me see All time May 26 So here we go time and sales Uh, let's head to may 26 May 26 and see what happened on may 26 Well may 26 it got added and if i'm not mistaken No may 26. Yeah, I got it got traded on may 26 Yeah, may 26. We saw all these flow at the basically the same price that's being traded today Very interesting flow to keep an eye out for tomorrow if it adds If it adds it's a very high conviction trade to have for the long term I know it's a $4,000 trade, but if it adds it's a lot of money coming in Right now the volume is below the open interest Oh, it's rising 170 million we just saw at 69 million dollars A couple seconds back From 69 million dollars to 117 million Now we're seeing execution Being below We're gonna add it We're gonna wait a couple minutes for that to see how it settles in The organ is out again for premium interesting 24 million dollars on the 805 calls Has this move? 67 cents Not interesting enough Yeah, these are two dollars That's gonna pop up the alert. Oh, I just added it And see it all over the place the qqq one Is the qq one all over the place There's the 15 minute graph for Robinhood 3.81% Spies at server and 45 this trading mute is not part of market smack. I mean just Even a quick I am on the state of the market Then organize here by change I'm Really interested How much how much is Marvel at 288.89 Yeah, right now Nvidia doesn't have anything Interesting at the moment Let's go review the watch list. So you guys can Here's the overview For those who don't know who haven't seen the watch list overall move best list worst list This is all This is the overall move of all my list This is my best list at the moment my worst list premium sellers This is gonna be the worst list because they're selling premium. So it's gonna be negative from the contract My top five days performing contracts. I have the tesla one Worst five days And the community ones Uh, you can see contracts moving across market snack and community and where your where your stand Right now I have I have added this contract intel. I'm not the one that's holding this one to 7 000 I'm holding it like a 2 000 right now Uh, but we can see a couple assets That have been performing quite well nice on one of you of of your watch list someone has this intel contract Has a 7 000 overall move on their watch list The most watched contracts today, uh on market right now. We have netflix msft arm iron intel nvidia Uh, let's go review the list assets These we have all the assets Iron we have four contracts iron iron we have marble we have msft We have micron We have nvidia. So here you can organize by alphabetically order The contracts or the assets and all their contracts that they hold intel by expiry So basically That's the watch list on a quick note We're still waiting 10 o 4 a.m Let's see. What does the market gives us? 6.5 million dollars 7 60 call You know what I like this Right now they're in the red How much is qqq 7 60 call October 26 The thing is and again the volume isn't higher than the open interest But there has been a lot of momentum right now on the qqq On the whole qqq area The worst performing stock on the magnificence seven today has been nvidia Which is 2.4 2.4 percent down If nvidia moves back We can see a rise on the qqq What do I think about ms dr? Well ms dr isn't gonna revive until bitcoin revise Bitcoin The coin is at 59 it went all the way to 58 yesterday below 58 did We have this we have to see a huge move before before longing or heavily on ms dr. So it's a very volatile stock thanks to about to his volatile underlying movement of bitcoin So it really depends on that movement so It's a bitcoin trading company basically So you have to be very careful with trading that that's just that's just that's just like trading a big queen etf in my opinion You move with bitcoin I think We can That qqq contract that we just saw the 7 60 Let's see Let's see What do you take out of those two from single leg because mfl t and m m m e s l They're single legs being traded by with a Another legs There are multi legs being traded on a single leg basis But they're basically trading one single leg and trading another single leg Sometimes it works as a single leg, but majority of the time doesn't work like that so you have to be kind of mindful that those are multi legs instead of They're closer to being a multi leg than closer to being a single leg Let me We're trading the october 16 7 60 call They bought it in a 27.84 So they're basically a little bit You can see the bid price 20 27.87 28.09 They're expecting kind of a move That's a 30 dollar move. That's a 30 dollar out of the morning move But it's moving kind of slow right now for an out-of-the-money look at the No tough 0.43 isn't really low But it's just because it's so out of the money Like it's better to trade something like that like this. Yeah, it costs you almost Yeah, it costs you almost 1300 more But it's safer and look at the and the at the delta point 10 more point 11 more Let me i'm gonna show you guys I'm gonna show you guys and mark is not real quick You heard of And the s I have heard of it. What kind what what flow do you have on it? Does it happen really good flows today? Yeah, but this is the problem. This is a penny stock basically and it's in below 10 dollars It's very risky for your account because the spreads are larger I'm gonna search an nvidia An nvidia contract. I'm really looking at The past couple weeks On is this september 190 calls? Right now we have a we're at 19 dollars And I think this can be our first trade of the account Why why do I think this i'm gonna explain real quick my analysis and i'm gonna write it on This is for september 18 26 reasons right now in the money because media is at 195.97 and We have the open Let's See where do we start? Let me click all time Here may 27 on may 27 on may 27 we saw This ml ct Yeah We saw this ml ct. This is the first trade that happened on nvidia. This is a 202 million dollars. And you're gonna say, oh, yeah, that's a multi leg yeah We can say that's a multi leg But not like I said earlier on not all multi legs are the same And why do I say this? Because multi legs sometimes can be rovers instead of just being multi legs I mean delete this so you guys can see I think I have something else on going on in a second This is a 200 million Dollar trade that was being traded on this And I can look at the time. Let me see if I find it right now. I don't know why I'm not seeing it I don't want to not see in a rear right now at the moment Because I can look at the time okay I'm gonna show it either way Why i'm bullish on these kind of trades You can see if we go one month bath one book one month back We also saw June 1 9,541 million dollars being traded on a single leg that 10,000 dollars added the other day Right and then on the other day, you can see it was 80,000. It was it got added into 90,000 now we saw Another 9,000 added which with 41 million dollars and that was 44 And the other was at 43 NVIDIA at that moment NVIDIA at that moment was sitting at 222 dollars you can see it all the way here 220 24 and 222 dollars And you know what they're still holding in these trades They're still holding in these trades. You can see 80 then jump to 90 90 then jump to 99,000 And we have 105 105 and has been going in all the way Look at the executions The I think the on the june 2 was just one bar. Well, no, it was also two bars Look at the execution. We have 80 million dollars defending that september 18 We have still 79 days It is already in the money and the contract is at 1930 That's the spread but you can buy it a little bit cheaper So you're they're basically have an average if you combine those two if you combine those two With the may 26 one may 27 You combine those two with this one 34 34.86 dollars They can have an average of what of 36 37 something like that And you're buying it on a discount 19.30 And the thing is that oh, yeah, it's already on a huge discount. They're gonna lose money. Well, they have almost 400 million dollars On upfront money that they paid and it's already way below that But you're buying a in the money contract. You're not buying a 400 250 call for a medium that's that is Almost unlikely to happen to september. It can happen But this is you're already $6 safe safe On the asset price And that's what I'm trying to explain So we can start Not documented so you guys can see it You guys can I hope you guys are seeing The accounts you can see 17 dollars. But that that's something I just moved. We have a 25 Thousand dollar account live robin hood. You can see it here And we're gonna start trading using market snack Our first trade is gonna be nvidia. Did you say this is not a day trade? This is not a day trade This is basically 2000. We come by three contracts Remember managed risk. They say 25 thousand dollar account. You're gonna put everything you have just because you have very high conviction Let me see if I can feel it there right now, well you Say 19 we have right now. You can see the spread I just bought it in If I go here I have the three buys Right now the spread is from 1895 to 1915. So the current price nine the mark is 19.05 $15 up at the moment. That's just That isn't really much because we invested 5,700 You can see I hear you just subtract this Again, you can see it. We're just trading. We're just straight started trading live There's a swing trade that we just entered here I'm gonna go back to markets to show you guys why again Yeah, these bills will be recorded or learn though Uh, which order codes with a multi-leg on market snack do you recommend for diagonal spreads? I I think they're very all very likely to have diagonal spreads Like the you cannot identify a what kind of spread Was Like you you cannot say oh this a m m m l f f t. So this is gonna be a diagonal spread There's no way on doing that the only way on doing that is the kind of contracts if you have a Uh, for example a vertical spreads matches the contracts that you bought and you sold And uh, it varies your bearish or bullish a diagonal butterfly doesn't have to match the contract So you have to look for stuff like that So we just got in our fence on our first swing trade I don't exactly know what's happening with these I'm gonna should go check for however because I'm gonna have to do A weekly check up on what we're doing I'm sorry Uh, let's see what else Right now have I don't have any filter on so now now you're gonna see Some odd numbers appearing on all the multi-legs started being traded I think I saw a warmer the one What is this about? For example, here we have an m l f t And these this looks like a vertical spread. Why 954 a.m. It matches For identifying multi-legs for the first thing you have to do The first thing you have to do is match the hour Then if the size matches that's a vertical spread Here we see they're buying the 110 puts and selling the 100 puts So this is a vertical spread that's being going on if decide if the hour matches and this doesn't match the size Is another kind of spread I mean can be a kind of spread diagonal spread butterfly Yeah, I saw the e w m but I don't like the the execution fusion I don't like the execution It's very neutral the execution very in the middle like this cannot be in the middle Because it's an eight dollar difference. So if it wasn't nine dollar difference, it will be the mid price But there's no mid price unless it's like 45 uh 44.5. It will be a mid I think we're Yeah, we're up a couple dollars on the immediate contract already Let me share my screen so you guys can get 60 up 1% up and media is a 196.22 You can see already the pages are 19.10 19.30 so We have some We had some really good flows going in today. They're very long term. We haven't seen And I hope we see one next Wednesday A very day-trady looking Big flow the others 700 put for September 6 17 27. This is just a very big big very long term data This is a leap kind of option I don't like the execution either. It's closer to the ask if you will see the spread But 11 million dollars for that's such a long term isn't that very concerning really Let's see. Uh, let's see the a05 a05 still at 20 28.8 million dollars We're also seeing the a15 This is still at 117 million dollars Sounds weird saying stills at That's a lot of money coming in We're going out. We will have to wait until tomorrow to see so The day has been very Very long-term traded. Yeah, we saw an other Some of them are canceled Very long-term traded contracts Going in today so Long-term positioning today Very deep in the money also Man these b contracts are very interesting, but The open interest is way higher than Way higher than than the open interest The volume is way higher than the open interest No, the open interest is way higher than the volume. Sorry. I was just thinking I'm talking So that this thing that this thing about those b contracts and be already be already run yesterday He's definitely adding you know what on the b Or on the qqq. What did you think? Yeah, we can make a hundred percent sure in both Tomorrow, that's the thing Based on the ask based based on this being on the ask On the b contracts more specifically I can think he's adding because we had some good very good news on the yesterday And we can really think he's adding just based on the ask But that's that's that's the thing about contract with high open interest Any more doubts anything you guys want to see? I think my market's going up a little bit We're a hundred dollars up in our position already a hundred dollars up Well, ninety dollars up right now Like period before that we go Ninety dollars up already. Let's go here so you guys can see it. You refresh the page Eighty three dollars is dropped a couple cents I'm gonna manage the swing today. Well, you can see right now It's moving point 30 so We're already 1.5 up remember you measure you measure account based on percentage you don't measure it based on money Maybe you can be a couple You can be more money up But the percentage is lower or higher Always remember I was always measure accounts based on percentage. It's not the same And listen to me closely. It's not the same Saying I made a million dollars And somebody asked me oh, how much money you put into it. Well, I put one billion If I put one billion and made one million dollars I'm a really bad trader That's one percent Or that's not new one. That's point one percent So really measure your gains on your account Based on percentage It's not the same making one million dollars with one million dollars and making one million dollars with one billion dollars Or if you want more realistic numbers, it's not the same making one thousand dollars With two thousand dollars that making one thousand dollars with twenty thousand dollars. It's not the same thing So don't put so much pressure on yourself just manage risk accordingly And let the percentages run What's my target on nvidia? Well, we hit 200 yesterday. So I think Well, I'm I think um The 200 is a pretty good target to start reorganizing If it drops a couple dollars more, I'm gonna add one or two more What I'm gonna keep you updated on the discord So how does this channel is gonna work before I go? Well, we're gonna this channel is gonna be live on youtube and for and it's gonna be available for everyone of the first month From july to august and then we're gonna move it closed to Subscribers and those those market nasus subscribers are gonna are gonna have the perk This there's market nasus subscribers and they're gonna have the perk Of seeing and keeping up with this challenge on the closed side of the discord So you have one month to view this challenge and to see How market snack works and if you like it you can join market snack And then you have the additional perk of having me having me here wednesdays On morning and night because at night I do weekly recaps on what has been happening Happening on the week on the day basically on macro and micro on options trading But that's it So I'm gonna update discord. I'm gonna make a channel now So you guys can see what what happened what we traded what we saw what's going on And as you may have seen today has been a very Very long-term trading day for options flow hasn't been really quiet. It has been uh very Somewhere what very active But not on the side we're expecting So any more doubts anything you want to share before? Uh in the description I have the description of this life. I have the discord Invite you can join via the discord invite and once you join the discord you have a market snack account already Or if you Want to subscribe? You can just type your account. I'm gonna see if I can share it See you can just type your account here Unverify account if you have a market snack you click verify my subscription you join via the the The description the live stream and then you can unverify account verify my subscription if you have a market snack account It will give you this bot and you just click here And then you will have access to the full signal or neutral flow straight discussion members lounge And here I will make this channel live the 25k life challenge from there I will keep you updated on what we're doing So I hope you guys have enjoyed Hope you guys to see you on the next one. You have any doubts just type them on the discord or DM me on discord I preferred them. I prefer your questions to be typed on the discord So anyone has the same question they can just get an answer for the general chat All the all all classes will be recorded So see you on the next one. I hope you just you enjoy it Next time we're gonna have a special guest I'll give you The thought of to get of guessing to who it is So bye have a nice day
