Transcripción de: MarketSnack GEX Live Trading.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 3627s
------------------------------------------------------------

We were in life. Yeah, but I'm and be well, but I'm but I'm but I'm but us okay. I think we're in life On the ass good morning every single person joining quick Kev are you gonna display your screen or you want me to do it? You can do it And trying to load something here still Has been a very Haven't seen the market yet a lot though. I've been working Let's stop so Okay, so we bounce at the put wall something that I saw right now I by the way, I think the I think that the chart now is almost Life There. Oh, yeah Yeah charges moving in the same time as I was this part below My uncle Kevin Snacker. Look at me My uncle Kevin Snacker I already have me That was funny. All right, okay Let's give me a second So what's happening in the market today? Well, amazing earnings on Amazon Amazon is at 270 market open at By the way, I'm not showing my screen. I'm just talking victory showing the screen market open at 746 But we're right right now. We're at 741 85 spy. So that's basically 7441 on xpx We just want to make it clear if we are doing a live trading We're trading xpx on the gags and we're gonna make we're not gonna mention the whole number We're gonna mention the 440s 450s because mentioning 7,450 Takes too long So that's what's happening the momentum right now is It was shifting back. We went all the way almost to 737 to that support We're right now at 742 742 So, let's see what we can catch right now Let's see the gags. What does the gags say? Amazon and Microsoft are holding strong their earnings. I might I might think that we're We might we might we might gonna go to the upper band That is 475 again We bounce clearly from the from the lows On the put on the put wall at 700 7400 and we are right now nearby the magnet So Magnet is at 7 450 And flip is almost there But I'm not sure because probably today is gonna be a Green day since other companies are holding So let's see. I'm I might wait a little bit. Yeah, we turn negative there Yeah Negative on the month by the way, do you see this Kevin although I say this I say this the 844,000. Yeah Maybe a good opportunity. I don't know still that's a weird dropping right now a little bit 7,435 We're gonna enter and gonna put Yeah, the life string will be an English Remember gags gags. It's also is a day trading tool, but it's also a waiting game too So you don't have to enter every minute. We're just waiting here. That's where right now in the middle Or right now in the middle, you can see the put wall 7400 and the call wall 7400 and 75 We're on the seven wearing 441 You're muted Victor. So we were at 25 billion dollars positive and then we went negative to 7 billion that there you go. You got a job there. We were from 36 to 41. I might think that we might get to the 450 So Well, we still be a positive There you go, you're gonna go to a 50. Yeah, we're gonna go there But I was thinking to buy that by the way, no to buy that low point Okay, as we wait, I think we can explain what it is Yeah, I think you're gonna interrupt me at any time something or What is gags? That takes gamma exposure. What does this tool do? Well, this tool is for market makers We are tracking market makers how they hash Delta's For those of you don't know Delta moves. For example, have I Delta has a Delta of its own. It's called gamma So basically gamma is what makes the Acceleration or dis-acceleration on the hedging so Here we have their gamma exposure because they are constantly hedging against Delta's market makers hash Delta's Look Kevin, we are 450 We're 50 right now. Yeah, we're touching that But let's see. Let's wait. Let's wait a little bit on that We're at the magnet Show them the magnet on the screen so they can see People we're at the man. You see the magnet the magnet is look at the wall The point the asset price is right below the magnet or at the magnet if you want to look at it. Yeah No, in the comments, they said the 7,500 puts were heavy. Yeah, you can see them in the institutional float tape We have seven thousand five hundred puts four point four million dollars being sold You see that Victor and the institutional float tape Shit, we went up Kevin Look at what we are. I knew that we were gonna go to 750 We might get above that point right now So coals is at 475. So it's like 15 points more than what we are right now We are not nine billion dollars every single tree has been So so we went when I saw this order that we saw here at Just there selling the seven four fifty right so we should be able to be above that number Ah Still these areas are a bit more complicated, but I think we might get to 475 though. Oh shit Yeah, I might That might be a good pull back to buy Honestly, we lost momentum here and then the volume So I'm here Yeah, call one put volumes died 10 Between so between ten and ten forty five puts Died in volume now they're picking a little bit upper, but the cost has been very steady along the day Yeah, we still have a positive tax So I think Well, we're 40 right now These three minutes delayed like 15 seconds if we entered anything don't worry. I will write on the chat Because I know where we're delayed and these moves happen fast, so We're still waiting right now 439 by the way, we're at the end of the month. So To be really really really Aware of that as I was explaining explaining earlier as the moves happens Gecks the to the million of the geck's the way around the geck's is basically The guest shows us why well the market makers is forced to trade against prices or with them So basically if we have a positive gamma, it means market makers are hedging against the trend Which keeps the trend calm and range band range bound means it's gonna move From resistance to support or to support to resistance a negative gamma Means that the market makers are hedging with the trend. So they're gonna make the trend Volatile if we're going if we if we have a negative gamma if you remember the Wednesday life We have a negative gamma and the book and the move to the downside was to the downside was very volatile But that could happen either to the upside or to the downside We have negative 21 billion gamma at that close. So the move was very volatile to the downside So the thing you have to understand here negative gamma Market makers their hedging's are with the trend. So they're adding fuel to the fire a positive gamma means that they're hedging against the trend so the trends the The there's not there's less ball of volatility and more range bound threat trading So that this thing you have to understand We're about to go negative geck's by the way Two billion dollars we were ten billion dollars and what two billion dollars now look at the magnet You're muted Victor This might be a good opportunity to buy. I'm just I'm just looking for an entry very small a big No, I'm dressed. That's a good That's a good question. That's what I just explained a negative get gamma doesn't mean we have a bearish bias negative gamma just means that the There the the market makers are hedging their their delta hedges are going the direction the market is going so we're going down the downside and you're going on the downside and the And the get and the gets its negative We're gonna go way faster to the downside If the gets its negative and when we're going to the upside we're going way faster to the upside You have to get that out of your mind Negative and positive on positive geck's doesn't have to mean bullish or bearish They're not the same thing It just mean volatility and friend and tranquility Right now we are about to go negative geck's We're about to go negative So so there's something very cool here So we are at negative geck's right? All right now at this point, but we have our 425 Green bar on that strike price. So that might be Also a good re-entry. I might be seeing a very good entry on the upper side. I'm just waiting for it. Let's see if No point just told his investors He's asking for more money today, but they're not one Yeah, we're turning negative. So probably we might This area is very important. We might reach to 25 first Because we were we're a negative camera right now Let's see how it works on this on the 25 right now we might we might Get a balance with that. Yeah, maybe we can short that look at the cold one. They probably will just move to 7,450 we have a green bar there for us for 25 Wouldn't reach 353 Wow I'm just trying to to see if it goes a little bit up or up to short that Now that we have like a more strict So we're jumping there because we have a green bar at that point. That's why it's getting rejection Yeah, we bounce on that area Yeah, that was the bounce to short though I think we're waiting to Yeah, we're building we're in my right now Below the green bar That's 740 on spy. I might need to wait. Yeah, so I don't see that image on my Marcus neck Can you help me find it? Yeah on the search bar on the top Search bar on the top just type for example Xpx on the search bar when you see that Victor has a search a thicker or contract Top type there Xpx or type NVIDIA for example I will take thank you to option chain and gamma exposure. You can hit gamma exposure and you will find it Like premium exposure what it tells you my free my exposure top text tells me the contract what that's where That's where the graph in the contract details page, but yeah, it tells you the amount People are up on down on the contracts that are open So if the light premium exposure is below the premium trade and They're down. It is about their op Kevin if we broke the 20s We might get to 410 If we break it, let's see cuz that's still that green bar still messing up the This area We might get a jump to 440 If if that bar doesn't So this area is an area that you don't want to try because you're in a range So probably you want to do below 420 That then you get rid of the green bar there and you'll get steeped in or you want to try above that gamma flip that is Let's say 426, but we can trade above 424 30 Yeah, you don't want to get caught on this Yeah, they're balancing the market here. So be careful Esperando que pasa algo pero que still doesn't happen anything yet, so No, no ningún entra por el momento menos que rompa los venta Me es todavía so that areas is choppy the plane. You can get dragged down I thought that you were here Kevin. I'm back and I can die Kevin I die for for a moment here. Where's the Gaxi mentioned in the market's map? On the search bar above, the largest search bar, search for XPX, for example, and it will take you to the option chain, Gamma Exposure. Hey, the Gamma Exposure. Yeah, we might see that. So this area is complicated, guys. That's why we haven't done anything yet. No, yo, you might need to take a break. Oh, she might be going to the top, yeah. So I don't like to trade these ranges because you're in Gamma Flip Zone. Since you're in Gamma Flip Zone, that area might be complicated, so you want to stay away from that. Gax only works for XPX now. You can search Gax for every other stock or you can search for the CBOE indices and the X, XPX. What happens? The real-time data, the scenario we're having is with the CBOE, XPX and MDX, and it works better for indices, for stocks, is there's not much premium traded daily on serial DTE, so it doesn't work exactly, like on the indices. We're going up at the moment, 436. Yeah, we're yumping. Definitely we're jumping there. So what's happening? We're on a positive Gax. Market makers, as I was explaining, market makers sell into resistance. They're hedging against the trend. Positive Gax, market makers hedge against the trend. The trend is the off-site, so we're hedging against the trend. Oh, no. I might sell this on 27, oh my God. I'm going to say it on 27. Showing to 27, yeah, this shit is in 27. 439, 439, we're going to try to look. Oh, what the fuck? Call 1-1-2-475, we're at 450. Well, we're at 439, my base at 450. What is Trump saying? I say someone in the Trump speaker. Oh, shit, Trump is live? Nah, fuck that shit. Don't try anything. Yeah, don't try anything, no. Yeah, it is, and I don't know, let me go check. Yeah, he's at Cam David's speaker right now. Right on if he ended it. Yeah, yeah. Sam, 444, 441, right. Yeah, we actually jumped from the 425, from the green bar was on the screen. The world by far. Yup, he's actually live. And others, the highest in the world, the whole world was laughing at us. We paid for the rest of the world. We subsidized the whole world. I said, we're not going to do that. Then I started it in the first administration. I took it up. Obviously, Biden wasn't able to do anything about it, because you had to get the consent of the drug companies and you had to get the consent. More difficult would be the consent of other nations. The other nations had to agree, but there were being a fraction, sometimes 10%, 20%, 40%, 70% less. So I had to call them and I had to get them on. And I said, if you don't do it, we're going to have to charge you tariffs. And they all said no at first, very politely said, sir, we can't do that. We're not going to double our prices. They had to double their prices. In some case, triple their price. And we would come down. So a pill that sold for $10 in Germany would sell for $130 in New York. Same pill from the same. Uh, guys, I think that that was it. That was a fake from that lower end. It was a great, I bought out stupid stuff, though. What am I saying? Let me share my screen while we wait a little bit. Yeah, wait, let's finish up until that man's speaking cause, you know, you never know. Yeah, you never know what it says. That's why probably markets are very calm right now. Just to be honest, this is like an idea. It's not something that I should trust myself on this, but I think we might end up very green today. We might end up at 7,500. I'm not a hundred percent sure, but that's my theory of where the market should be headed. So that's my point of view, right? In the market. The yellow line on the Gax table. Yellow line on the Gax table. That's the, let me see for myself. Yeah, the yellow line is the gamma flip. Gamma flip is very simple to understand. It's really the word, describe it for you. Gamma is Gax, gamma exposure. So a gamma flip, if it's above the yellow line, it has a positive Gax, it's a positive gamma. If it's below the gamma flip, below the yellow line, it means we're on a negative gamma. That's the whole definition of the gamma flip. I think my term might be, I will not trade right now guys, just to be honest. So where we should find, so trading Gax, right? Where should we find a good area to trade, right? So we have two options, right? We could trade above 450 to 475, right? So that's the call wall that we have, right? So we can trade that from 450 to 475. So that might be a good trade, right? After we break this area. Then we have the drop, right? But now the drop has two green lines. So we have a mix of information here. So it might be a fake up, right? Because there is not a good structure right here. So there is a better structure from this point to this other point, right? And we have some that people have been selling this area and mine. So we can see that they are messing up with this area. We might not see it right now, but we might see it on the afternoon. So you can actually look into that, but we don't have a structure right now. Look, we are at gamma flip zone, and we have a lot of bunch of crossing numbers right now. So we don't have right now a very good indication of what might happen. And we all know why, because our president is just right now, life. You're gonna take anything. Yup, yup. This was his cabinet on Camp Davis. A lot of 25 million people into our country. Because many of those people are criminals. They're murderers. A lot of murderers. 11,888. A lot of them are gone now. We got them out. But they allowed people to come into this country that you can't allow them to come into a country. We're also making an unprecedented investment in the United States armed forces, where we're doing great. And we rebuilt the armed forces. We built our military in my first term. But we are doing great with our military. They spent a lot of money. Kevin, maybe you can talk about since his speaking, you know. Yeah, I'm gonna do that. You can speak about the account, right? So under a month, you have to duplicate the account. Let me, let me show it. Let me show the screen. Yeah, so. I'm gonna show my screen real quick. What you're currently doing on the Market Snack accounts. Maybe you can show both under a month, what you did. So is that incredible? You started on July 1st, so, all right? Or July 4th? Yeah, so it's basically a month. So you duplicate the account under a month. Maybe you can show a little bit of transparency there and show people what you're currently doing. Yeah. Okay, right now, do you guys see my screen? Can you see my screen right here, right? Give me a second, let's see. Okay, so, let's see. I'm just waiting for the YouTube to refresh. Let's see if these guys see my screen. Okay, so what's happening? Today I closed positions on Amazon and Intel that I had. I took a little bit of, a little bit of a loss on Intel, but I closed Amazon, I bought them for $2750 and then I bought another one for, I think it was $18, $17. I haven't, we checked that. I have, I will do that on the Discord. After all this, I started this account with $25,000 on July 1st. Right now, we're right in the middle. We're 50% upside, 12,250. Well, we're just below the middle. We're like 47% because there's 250 left. But this with just a couple of trades, no over trading, just waiting, holding down, holding down a lot of weekly of losses, holding down a lot of losses. I started this week with $27,200. It went all the way to 21 because we traded gigs on Wednesday and it went a little bit bad on the life. But then when it opened at 815 PM, for those who don't know, 815 PM, there's Blue Ocean for XPX. So it went back the account to $31,000. And now today, and now today we trade, we closed the Amazon. We had two Amazon calls, two 30 call for October 16th and we closed them very green. So in this whole week, $10,000 from the low. Kevin, you can put portfolio overview so people can see the balls that you were trading. The other one is just like for reckless stuff. Oh yeah, we also have- Click portfolio review. No, no, click portfolio review on the top. My bad, my bad. I can do portfolio review. You can put one more. The account that we have on the Discord is the $37,000 one, but this account, it composes with two accounts. It composes with two accounts. We have a $12,000 account. I'll have a $37,000 account. This one is more for the reckless, for not reckless because we have the data to prove it, but more for zero DTE, one DTEs. This account goes up below. You will see it on these kinds of lives that we're trading bags. And this one is for more for swing trading. We still would trade get to you like you saw the other day on this one. And but this one, it has more a scenario where we take like deeper analysis on this account. So this one is growing more. This one will be for more life trading. You will start seeing this account more. So between these two accounts, I start at $25,000. And we have $50,000 right now. So you say a hundred percent in just a month. Okay, you should come back on October, November when it's hit a million dollars so people can see it for a second. Yeah, hopefully the account will not hopefully, we're gonna keep growing it. We're gonna, soon you're gonna see a hundred thousand on the account. When we reach a hundred thousand, it's gonna say fairytale to get million dollars. What do you think about that? By the way, props to Kevin. Kevin has done a hundred percent of the job. I haven't done anything. I have a lot of work. So yeah, yeah. The Amazon positions, there were a single leg. The thing is that my way of trading, I like entering positions one by one, two by two. For example, if I want to enter two contracts, I enter one today, I enter one contract, two to three days later if the stock falls. I don't like sizing up, I like averaging down on contracts that have the BT to average down. I don't like to average down on day trades. I can do it, but it's not my, I don't do it very often. So with the Amazon contract, I bought it again at 27.50 and then I bought it, I think I was like at $17 or $18. So I averaged down at 23.50 and I sold at 41.50 today and 43 the other one. So that's almost a hundred percent gain on two Amazon contracts. If you would have bought, for example, to a hundred stock on Amazon, it will be $20,000. I bought two contracts with $4,700 and I made almost a hundred percent from $4,700. Can you walk through through the trade while you saw inside Market Snack that it made you trade that position? I'm gonna do that just now. I'm gonna recap on that in a second. Look at that, look at that right now. Last five days, 43% amazing. Okay, what happened? What did I saw on Amazon that was so convincing for me to hold if you're on the disk or you saw? I don't do earnings very much, maybe not at all, but Amazon, I just talked with it. I didn't hedge for anything at the last moment because I said, man, there's just too much money on Amazon for the upside. I'm just gonna go with it. I'm gonna prove the data works. I'm gonna prove the data works. So let's do this. I'm gonna show you what I saw with Amazon. Let me organize this by premium. I will do this here. By the way, people, we are about to break $750. $450, sorry, $450. Yeah, we're gonna show it right now. So. I'm gonna explain this real quick. Yeah, we have to check that area. We might get to $470. Let me, I'll explain it in a second, non-exposure. Look, we're right now at the magnet. The call was at $75. We're at $6.9 billion netgex. So we're processing, we're above the counter flip. We haven't seen anything yet new. On this one, we're actually waiting for that also. We're waiting for another sell or another buy. This was a bullish sell, the $7,450, right when the light started. Because this is, when they sell puts it, that's bullish. Will you trade Intel again? I'm waiting. I actually thought I wanted Intel on a good time. $451, by the way. Those trades were $9. We just broke the, yeah. We're at $10.6 billion positive on the gex. Let's see here, it is very interesting right now. Let's see what we're gonna do. Let's see if we trace back, because remember, they're gonna hedge against this move. For me, if we break above $5.5, I'm gonna long that shit to $475. I don't care. I'm gonna go straight to the call wall. Long that girl is like, come to daddy. I mean, this is a very good probability we get to $470. We're 50 right now. Let me see how much we are negative on the month. We're still 0.69%, that's gonna be like $40. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my God, Kevin, I swear. Yeah, $51.49. EFTs are already executed trades. There are new trades coming in. Well, they're not orders, they are executed trades. Oh my God, $26. Oh my God, I bought some 1DT contracts on my account for $26. I sold it for $28. They're in $34 right now, shit. What trade are you buying? I was buying, I'm gonna tell you, I lost opportunity to make $10,000 there. I bought the $7,445 for tomorrow. Yeah, we're gonna shoot out to $475. Probably, it's gonna take a little bit longer because you know, every single time we are in prostate gamma, we might get, but it's getting to my point that I wanna trade that this $470. I might do a 1DT though, I don't wanna do, I don't wanna do today since Trump is still speaking. He loves to speak by the way. I don't know why the fucking want to be on camera for such 10 hours straight, right? Because the institutional flow tape isn't like a flow feed. It's not like a flow tape that big. So that's an algorithm, like, or algorithm selects the best trades that we think, not like the algorithm thing, like the move the market. So you won't see like a, if the algorithm doesn't select it, it's not gonna appear. Because if we open the gates, the floodgates, where you will see $1,000, $1,000, it will get crazy. But it's better this way. If we go to $475 from the point that we are currently on, I might be a very good flip though. And it's getting greener, the bars. Look at the chart. Where? The chart. Yeah, we're green on those volume bar. Oh, we get, I'm seeing it. $475. $475, no, $53, yeah, $450. Yeah, $475, yeah. Yeah, no, $475, yeah. We might get to $425. I just want her to break that magnet and we need to relocate that magnet to the next level. I want to see where it's a magnet next level. She's gonna be relocated soon. We are 11. Oh my God, $54, Kevin, $55. $55 right now. Let's see if the magnet move. We're waiting for the magnet to move. Oh my God. $56. We're gonna get to $475, $475, $475. It might take a long time, right? It doesn't go that quick because we're not that positive. So every drop is the one that we should buy. So every pullback. But we are $15 billion right now in Neck X. So we're very good right now. And now we are just straight green bars. So. Yeah, look at the pull one. The pull one has to move. There's no indicator for the downside at the moment. Yeah. Why does the tape show last price? It's not updating. It's updating. It just like, it looks for only hatch straights. It doesn't do anything else. So on the IFT part, right? On the right side, on the IFT part that is institutional flow tape, we are just tracking the hatch that are currently on. So yes, we are live at the tape. It just, it doesn't, they are not hatching traits yet. There are no hatches. For example, on August 3, there's a updated one 1158. You can see that. But on July 31, zero DT, we don't see an updated one. But it's because of that. The algorithm selects that for us. And the algorithm is just what Victor explained. Yeah, it's a real time, guys. Like that tape is a real time. The thing is like, it's not showing to you. The, it doesn't show you traits. It just shows you what are the ones that are feeding the gamma. Okay? We don't want to put every single tray there because it doesn't make sense. We are just looking at the ones that are affecting the gamma. Put it in dark mode, by the way, Karen. If you are interested. 57. Oh my God. That was great trait. I might say, probably that pullback is, if it does a pullback that is going to do it, probably I'm going to increase that. If you want the 445 for Monday, you're up. I'm 100% of Kevin. I told you, I'm telling you, I'm just buying this shit. We're going to 75. We might get there to the call wall. I'm not joking. I'm just waiting to a pullback. We're going to break that 60 right now. Very soon though. If you wait to a pullback to 74.50 again, to the, to the magnet, might be a good option also. The thing is like for now, like this, this, this, this magnet is going to attract the price again. Might be a good area, right? To, for that trade to happen. We are very flowing, very good. That pullback is a very good pullback. So basically when you're in gamma positive, you should buy every single pullback that it does. And every single pullback that it does is just going to keep going up again and again and again and again. I'm just trying to see if gamma relocates. Cause right now hasn't relocated it. And that part is just the one that I'm just thinking about it. Man, they're, they're, they're sizing up on Amazon. You guys want to see something while we wait for that? Look at that. I'm going to explain you something. Look at this. This is a 220 call I've been tracking since the very team 2020 call, 220, my bad. They just sold here at 49.25. They just sold here, 10,000 contracts. Look at the timing, 11, 30, 13 AM. And they size up 15,000 contracts, 42, 40 calls, November 20th. Guys, guys, guys, guys, I told you, every single pullback is just shooting up, right? We're going up again. From that pullback that we went almost so. So we went to a pullback to 50 and now we're back again, seven points back there. We have to see the relocation of the magnet. Magnet has not relocated yet. That's the, wow. It wants to worry me a little bit, okay? Maybe if we should be above 460 then we can relocate the magnet. Well, guys, I might need to go. I'm going to leave this trade alone because that is going to hit that price. So, because I have a couple of meetings right now. Yeah. I think we just played out. We will wait. Yeah, we're going to wait. We're going to play it out. That person looks very good. So, yeah. If you haven't joined the Discord, you can join. I will share the link here. So, before you guys leave, I will share the link. And remember everyone to subscribe. If you haven't subscribed yet, you can go to marketsnack.com. Free trials are coming next couple of weeks. So, you might want to get in. And also, so it's a very... So, someone is telling us, Sayos Loveby is how magnets are calculated. So, I might say you something. That's a very good question for the data scientist person on our team. But I'm 100% sure it's using Gex levels and trades at real time. And balancing both sides of the trade. So, they're balancing... I can explain a little bit on that. Yeah. I might know. But if you want the calculation exactly, I might need to bring the data scientist here to tell you. Yeah, we don't have the calculation exactly, but it's basically the balance. We, the data scientist, they balance the open interest premium and the most balanced strike is gonna be the magnet. So, it's gonna attract... If you go here, you go here, for example, to the option chain, and if you click here on the information, you will see magnet wall. It will explain you what is a magnet wall. So, don't be shy. Go ahead, explore the platform. Any questions you guys might have, we will answer them. Join the Discord, write to us any questions you might have. We will answer them always. So, Discord link doesn't work. I'll make another one. Don't worry. You're muted. So, guys, I will tell you something. We're gonna be trading a couple of days, so you might want to subscribe to the channel because we're gonna be doing more live trading. Obviously, the account has grown. Yeah, account has been growing. Kevin just flipped that account to 100% of return. That might get to $100,000 and then get back to $1 million. It's just something that we do always internally, but now we are just putting Market Snack at. You can show you the potential of using Market Snack, right? And also, other thing that I was going to say, we're gonna keep doing live trading so you can see actual platform improvements and things that we have done. So, yeah, just subscribe to the channel. It's free. You wanna go to Market Snack, it's $9.99 right now. Excellent pullback that it made. It was a good re-entry. And also, we will keep you updated. And we are going to do things more interesting on the GECs. Right now today has been very slow, right? But we caught the move to the positive side from 340 to 457. And it might get to 475, right? So we have the call all there. So you might get to that point. I'm just gonna take a couple of time and we have a couple of meetings left on the day. Thank you guys. Love you, have fun, and see you in the next couple of weeks. Yeah. Okay.
