Transcripción de: MarketSnack_Live_Trading_Tutorial.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 3825s
------------------------------------------------------------

Good morning, Kevin. Good morning, Kevin. Good morning, how are you? I'm fine. I'm here to... I love to be... Bleeding off. So... I've been waiting for seven weeks to see you. Seven weeks. I'm waiting for 7.25. We're going there to go back to the... Radio 80825. I'm going to share a few quick things. Good morning, people. All the people who are watching right now are joining. We're here. Let's see what's going on in... We're going to do a live stream so you can see more or less what's going on in the CPX, the market, etc., etc. So we have several things that we're going to see now. Before that... Before we forget, I'm going to say something that I forgot. And we're also going to take advantage of it and we're going to give it some time so you can see the new update as well. Let's open Team Cursing a little bit. Because we're going to do... We're going to do an ideal stream. And seeing the flows live. We're going to do Team Cursing as well. We're helping. Okay. This Amazon pulver is really good. Amazon... At least... I've seen Amazon in 300, 350 times. This Amazon pulver is really good. Let's see the M1. The M1 too. It might be a little lower, but this one can also be really good. It sends... Beautiful. The pulver we're having is really good. It's expected to be around 725 pulvers that we're going to have. And right now we're seeing... NVIDIA has been closed for 7 days. We have a red day in NVIDIA. Really? It's been closed for 7 days. Yes, yes, yes. It's been closed for 7 days, people. It's only 9.53 in the morning. It's still a couple of hours to close the market. For example, Google was in 3.90. We had Google in 3.90. I was in 3.94. Now we're going to use Market Snack to wait for those flows to come in to see if we can trade something. Yes. I'm going to share my screen to see if I can see some kind of flow. Yes, I think... I'm going to look at it. Right now, I think we're degrading with the providers. Right now, I'm sharing my screen. You're sharing mine too. I'm sharing my screen. I'm going to put the filters so you can see the filters I'm using so you can see a possible date trade or a possible swing trade. This works both in a hybrid usually it's better for a swing trade but we can take the date trade by doing this. These are the filters I use. I basically turn off the Multilex. I turn off the Multilex... I don't know if you can see it. I'm going to show it again and explain it while I do it. I turn off the Multilex here on the GணGR and tell you what, absolutely I'm going to read these knobs. And I'm going to put them right now this looks super interesting, I have three bars, I have below bit, I see that the volume is much higher than the open interest, we can see the contract, we can give it here in the loop and in the loop it will tell me, right now we have traded this amount without more than 5,000 dollars in just two sessions below the bit, in a weekly this, I already see this, what do you think about this, I already see this as if it was a print sale, yes, that's right, the market is down, the QC is rarely at 707, we are going to view the contract so that you can see what I am saying, you can see that the close is there with the new asset price, we can see that the close higher was 719, today we are at 709, we are 10 dollars below we can see the volume here, the new contract details, we can see the volume is 3800% up, it is 15,000 volume versus 2,000 open interest, the spread is not very high, it is not very separated, so we can see 478 versus 482 and with this we can see the seven new graphs that are here, they are 8 in total with the asset price, but these are the seven graphs that are designed to be able to see the contract and to identify what is happening, we can see the activity contract and the price contract, it is basically the x here is the time and there is the contract value, you can see the value here, now the contract is 490, we can see the open interest, we see the volume that was at 9, if we can see it more specifically, if we look at the one day, the volume was at 945 in the morning, 2,300 contracts and when we do that we can see all the other six graphs that are happening, we can see that in open premium there were 1.2 million with 15,000 contracts, the life premium exposure, if you want to see it here, we see that the life premium exposure, they spent 8.7 million dollars with the premium in the blue and the yellow are 6.7 million, if we see that the gold line is below the blue line, we see that that contract is still negative, they invested 8.7 million and it is in 6.7 million, it is 2 million negative, if we see the gold line, if above the blue line is that the contract is positive, we see the first triad that Abel, that the first triad is the same, this graph, this blue line is the same graph that we see here, 8.7 million, we have the net premium that is negative because we can already see, we can identify that they are selling premiums, if they are selling premiums you will know that this is very close to zero and it is below zero or it is negative, they sold around 5 million dollars and we can see the option price index that the closer they are, the more contracts without gold lex are open, now we have 98.9% of contracts without gold lex open compared to 1.1% of multi lex, if we continue to expand the days here below in the toolbar, we can see that in 5 days this will decrease, we will see that we have 89%, we will see that in a month we have 75%, the multi lex gold lex, the single lex is blue, what happens? Another very interesting thing, now that I enter that volume, I can click on the volume line and it will take me directly to the time-sales, you can see it here and this I can accommodate it as if it were in premium, something completely new from this new contract details page that is very african because I do not have to be going the flow and I do not have to be giving it back and forward, I can come here today click on the interesting volume and it will take me directly to where the volume is coming from and this works either if you want to do it in the month, I can take it, I like it and it will take me to May 7, which is not something that will only happen because of what happened today, we can do it for 5 days a month and we can give it to chart studio if we want to see the graphics separately and here we have a month, I mean a day, 5 days, a month and all time, with this it becomes much easier to identify the contracts that are happening that are not happening when it happened, this person is selling his cousin to the puts but right now those puts have to be taking value because right now they are in 709 times in 707 look at the puts here today they were in 478 if I'm not mistaken they were 560 we return let's see what is happening in me and how much is in me right now if it was a typical 729 730 something if it has been going down in the market it is if I am going to look for a day 3 now I am taking a few seconds because it is basically the contract details page new but they saw it with a prime sale if you want to see a contract purchase well we can we are going to look for a contract that is opening that we can see that it is opening that it is a purchase we are going to look for a contract right now I am looking for a contract that size is greater than open interest that it looks clear to be able to explain to you how the contract details page works, look here we are in disney this person is buying two disney puts for september 18 2026 126 days disney is in 104 that are 14 different salary 90 104 14 different salary now we are in five days we are going to one day we are going to see the volume as it entered here 10,000 contracts were executed in the last 10,430 contracts those 10,430 contracts if I look at the graph below I see that they were 1,000 1.8 million dollars in prime or 1.8 has been total of the day but now we see that in life premium if we see if we come here in life premium they are 1.1 it means that these contracts are negative right now look remember in the graph below graph blue the contracts are negative this in the day if I move for five days we are going to see that they are still negative because this contract has been another idea a lot and we can see that in the month the largest volume has been this one we see here we have from April 15 to May 15 we can see that the largest volume in all this month we can see it here in the graph it has been 10,430 contracts and it will come out here that this one is only one because here we have a cancer trade and this will cancel the bottom this was the only trade that entered you can see it there and we see that the option pressure index 96% 96% because most of the 96.4% of the contracts were a single lex look at the blue bar here only this bar has been multi-legged to me Victor I for example I usually look at 75% above the option pressure index that is going to depend on each trader 75% above for me it means more conviction to see the contract because usually single lex is more conviction and it is easier to read the multi leg is a much more complex tool that usually also says direction but you have to analyze it a little more we are here waiting for the market to adjust to see if we find something if now I am going to give it to you I am going to share it with you quickly that good morning good morning to all that is fast look how I use the tool by the way if you are noticing that there is a delay or you are having a video or you are having problems right now to report the data then we are seeing then what the program is doing right now is that if it comes out of the middle we are making a back feeling of the delay that it has from 20 30 seconds is this we created the platform for that same to see now when there are problems then they can see that we can make the back feeling of the data but we are getting there problems with them that is why they will see that it comes out at a white time and it will start to fill me because we were looking for the data in our database ok fast moment what I wanted to tell you is usually when I am seeing the market right when I am seeing how how how how how I bring them to do life trading and to be able to make money is not the way that I do it is usually identifying the points right now and where you find the market is not this for example if we know that this point is not of the day it is important this point is also not important because it is the range that we find and the range of the case for example 714 I would like to see the price of 710 not 705 the 7400 to see if there is a price ok that is what I come here quickly and what I do is very simple ok I put I put two screens right I usually put one on the other I put the program on both sides to be able to have the information basically what I do is that I put it on both sides ok and what I am going to look for is the feeling of course right now in the market there are two falling but if you see even though they are falling by 100 if we are creating a billion which is a lot of volume at this time what we call is half an hour and we already have a billion so we already have a lot of movement that is what I want to see right now it has just entered a lot of receipts at 715 because look at this at 7415 that are these that are right here they have just sent a very heavy raffle you see it we are going to see that contract right now ok and look at this contract right now for example in the premium now we have just shot this positive usually when the net premium is positive what we want to say in other words is true when you have a positive net premium it means that the three are buying it in the direction that the label says ok if this goes negative it means that it is the direction opposite to the label that is in this case a positive net premium because that's how it is that we are not moving we are going to put an example that this is shot green and as soon as it returns to zero or it goes negative many times that they are capturing profit that is why in the premium many times it is very good when we are looking for opportunity in the market here the market is going to send the 7 to 7,415 I can see that the market is going to be 7,400 so this is going to be a good opportunity to enter in this short but before entering that short I am going to see several things because I am not going to be with my eyes closed then what am I going to do what I am going to do quickly I go here and I am going to look for which are my 0 of t so I am going to go to 0 of t here I have my 0 of t and I am going to see which are the volumes that have volumes in the day for example 7,000 you have this amount of volume in the day so I am going to start to collect all my contracts to the right and all my contracts with the left so I am going to put here the 7,400 I am going to put the 7,405 I am going to put below that I am going to put the 7,410 if you see these that I am putting it looks like this 7,410 7,420 7,430 that is what I am going to be putting now the same 7,420 7,430 and we are going to put the 7,390 7,390 and now I am going to do the same but on the other side so I am going to put more here the 7,400 calls the 410 410 420 ok and 430 ok so basically I am going to be able to see what I am going to be doing this morning that I am going to be doing more or less in each area, for example, here I can go here quickly and I can see the 410 I compare them with the 4,000 teeth here they are 3,700,000 versus 18,000,000 that have been brought here, which means that in the most aggressive, the 7,405 if you see the 27,000,000 if we go to the 405,000 here it is 9,000,000 ok if we call the 410 10,000,000 versus here 14,000,000 and we go to the 420,000 we have 12,000,000 versus here we have 11,000,000 we go to the 30,000 and we go to the 30,000 ok so you see that the higher you go, above the 30,000,000 the call but they are fucking losing strength ok I said that while this line passes, there is more pressure then that this can return to play up here ok so what is going to be doing the market right now the market what it is trying to see in what area it is going to be moving we can not see it through a graph and less in the sfx if you are looking at graphics in the sfx you are hitting a shot automatically on the foot and you are unscathed by the buy because because the sfx is an index, the index you can not buy the index but having options not only and those options are almost certainly means that literally when they expire the money is transferred, it does not buy shares, it means that you lose everything or you win, they are the market makers or market creators who are creating games to stabilize the market because you see that this you will never see it so separated for example the feeling if you see it you are going to see it here it can be a little different but you will see that the feeling here is a little similar and that is very important what happens when you see it that there is a very large discrepancy that discrepancy for example right now that there is a larger discrepancy is starting to grow at 50 versus 43 there is a balance of the market there is that the market makers around balance the material in control is fine that means that here the calls that are being executed in the mix are a little but the calls that are being bought are larger we are talking about almost a billion dollars in calls and the sale of puts is quite aggressive sometimes they are selling a lot they are buying a lot with what they are now we can wait for the truth that the retail market is 7,430 is fine but still if we see an aggressiveness from someone in the 7,015 if I am not mistaken we are going to put it here in the 7,015 ok we saw this aggressive purchase of someone and if you see the order book here it is on top of favoring the aggressive purchase we are talking about the net premium here is much more aggressive ok to the side of the of the of the of the puts ok favoring those puts ok so that is what we are going to do we are going to try to recover here and then see how this area behaves ok and even this one is also ok so on top of the 7,330 we are going to see we are going to see the 40s ok and the 40s are already taking a little but if you see the 40s they are selling them completely ok that means that 40 is the top of us in the day ok so we are going to put it here that 40 is quite aggressive it means that after 40 others in the market, that is, once it touches here, we can then 3 days of reverse ok but look at that as I told you that we are going to 30 obviously because I am seeing the feeling I am seeing that they are buying more calls they are selling a lot of puts right and it is balanced in the area of ​​the bit and look at how it is, look at how we were right now 50 43 now we are 45 48 automatically they are going to go training to see how to balance the market all the time but I am looking for the balance so that when I close the market the books are true as they say flattened for them because they are the market makers are the market owners they are here to stabilize the market but to be able to stabilize them they want to bring it to some times in certain movements what happens the difference between you and me is that you can buy and sell when the desire comes out, they have a rule that they have to liquidate the markets no matter what if they do not want to participate in a trade you can participate in any trade or you can say that you do not want to sell but the market makers do not have an obligation to trade all the time if someone wants to buy and nobody is willing to sell them they have to look for the form of how to sell it and basically that is what we are going to study in the market and in the most efficient way possible and I think it is beating me up in the mode that you just sold the first tcm 12 million the four hundred but they sold it by themselves and this is incredible to say the truth this is a sandal because during the storm it is already in China that it is already that during the storm it has been absolutely said and all the deals that it did with all the seeds because it will not send those seeds will lose the time let's declare it and I just checked 28 million to the 170th of August so what we were seeing now we have to see how it is behaving in the area of ​​the 740 we are going to see we are going to see how the puts are in that area we are going to see the 740 they are there they are on top and we go here to the 740 with it ok here they are selling so you can say that this is a good area right now for the reversal once I would say that this area can be a little closer to this area this can be a good reverse here for the 720 710 I send myself to the 3rd and that is to see if today I am getting I am getting between the block as I said that as I bought microsoft for its background and I think it is almost 2% above today 2% above today almost a red day and now the truth microsoft is a 2% above and but it was a bit like man but I don't know about the best hedge funds yes, yes, yes, yes, there is a google is recovering in the market, it is in the market, it is in the 741 50, it is in the market, it is recovering or google is going to sell it, I told everyone last year when it was in 290 I bought it on google which is going to 400 google is going to 500 the most powerful company in the whole world is envy the most powerful company in the whole world company that makes the most money that has more money that is a matter of time but the company that makes the most money is google and google is of the manifest in 7 it is the most that has left money for the last two years and you have bought google in actions the most that has left money and google has done how much a year and a half it is 150 dollars and it goes for 400 dollars and it goes for 500 yes that goes for 500 google google the dip that gave the fall that gave a month and a half that took the 260 that was the best entry and the one of microns that touched the 316 the dmi aha look how much I am going to be this week 815 because we are already there hey they saw they saw how important it is to see the tape and to see this information look how important it is to read the tape truth the important thing is the tape because look at this market is already moving to the 7,440 that we were saying ok that is, nothing else with the information preview that I had, right, I knew that the market once broke this area, the 75 was going to move to the 740 because it is the most aggressive there is also and that is what we are seeing right now and it is impressive when you start to see it with your own eyes it is a very impressive thing now we are going to see how this area is behaving now since it arrived here ok the 740 we are going to see the 7 the 7 1004 150 there we are going to start moving a little more aggressive they are going to see it now 740 there is a lot of power on top it is going to be a good pullback here yes it is going to be a good pullback 710 this contract is 10 pesos I think I am going to enter here let me 9 pico we are going to see something fast for this contract we are going to put it there for the 50 740 but how do you want to stop water here, right? well after that area you have to see because then on top of that after the I don't know if it's because of OPEX or the third biennial of the month, so that's why we're going to see a lot of movement, only the mensual options are going to be there. Here we are in the highlight of the day, let's see how it behaves here. Now, if you see, look how they balanced it. Did you see how they balanced it? Now we have it on the other side. Now, on the other side, now this time, when this happens, it starts to monitor it. It starts to monitor it. So, a possible pullback, ok? Now, if that pullback looks nice, for the 725, over there, now it looks nice. At the end of the 60, and this is dangerous. Another one is having another problem. Well, Irene, I'm super good, for example. For example, I'm going to go to a company to invest some time. If someone is asking me if I can go here for 2 or 3 months, I really don't have the confidence to give you what it is. It's a pure feeling, I'm investing in the company. But that's one of the envies. I mean, look at the envies, where they are right now. The envies was an Irene, and look where it is. And Oracle, hey, Oracle, Oracle is up to 250 pesos, to be exact. I'm in Oracle, it's up to 250, now I'm using it to know the price of today. It's an incredible price, ok? And Core Wave. The Core Wave was introduced in 120 million years ago. Core Wave is a little bit expensive. This is the easiest thing to do. They introduced it in 120 in June 2018. They introduced it in 24 million dollars, if I'm not mistaken. Yesterday. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Interest is at a point where you don't know how to use it. I had written that it's September and I'm up there. Do you remember 1.75 million? 25 million. Yes, I said 24 million. It was 25 million dollars. In what? In 120 in June 2018 of Core Wave. From your screen, so people can see. I'm taking a pulse of the market, ok? To 125, I'm doing a day trade. Put it on my screen so you can see. Something that gives us Victor's trade. I have it in this 7.50, whatever. I have it in type. There. The 7.4 million, 120. This was at 8.50 dollars. 8.50 dollars. 8.50 dollars. It's already at 10 pesos. I'd like to see the 7.25, ok? I'll show you there. I'm going. Ok, I'm going to give you a minute. I'm going to give you a minute, quick. Be careful. Be careful. Let's see what's going on today first. Right now we have what Victor was saying. The 170 of ARM. They entered 28.6 million at 10.9. You can see it here. With the contract details page. You can see here. The 5.9 of Volumen. They went to the... If you go there one day, let's see it. They went to 10.15. Right now it's at 10.25. You can see the Open Premium. I'm going to put this here to make it easier to identify. We have the Open Premium. 34 million dollars. Let's see. The Open Premium. The Open Premium is the amount of money. You can see the meat or the mark price. And you multiply it by the 5.700 contracts. The Open Interest. That's going to give you the Open Premium. We have the Live Premium Exposure. As I said, right now we have a real example. We have a real example. We have the graph... The graph is on top of the blue line. This means that this person is positive in this contract. You can see that the Premium is blue. It's 28.7 million. And the Live Premium is 32.2 million. We have the Premium Trader. That was the 28.7 million of them. That mentioned that they entered. You can see it here. I'm going to the graph. It was 28.6 million. Let's see. Let's see. It's 8.50 million for 12 pesos. The contract. I'm going to contact the SPY right now. It's 7.45 million. It's 7.50 million. I'm so excited. The Chopsito for the 7.25 million. The 7.25 million that I got. 13 dollars. I'm seeing it with my own eyes. Wait, wait, wait. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I have the product in my hand. Wait a second, don't talk to me. Don't talk to me, I'm nervous. What's happening over here? I don't like this. You didn't get a chance to see it. No, don't worry. What's your dollar? 8.60 million. What's the dollar? How much did you get? 8.80 million. 8.80 million. 880 You can see in the graphic how I literally took the 745 and 7. Touch me the tag! Touch me! Touch the 725 and I'll go from there so that everyone knows. I'm letting everyone know. I have it next to me, I have it next to the screen. I have it next to me, look at this, this graphic is the one I'm trading. This one, this one, the contract of the 7,420. I got it in 880. I always put the contract I'm trading next to it. I broke the 30 points! There it is, 14 pesos, 14.30. There we see how you became Darth Vader. I need that. I'm selling the half, selling the half, selling the half. In 410, 410, selling the half, I got 10 contracts, I got 10 more. Come on, let's go! Give me the 25! I'm talking, but what was the price of this contract? 14.30 or 14.40. I got 10 in 410. You know? 14.10, sorry. Oh, okay, I made a couple of money. I made a couple of money. I'm going to stop it. I'm not going to say profit, right? Because I have two or three other Mamas Juanas left. I have two or three other Mamas Juanas left. But that goes for the 7.25, look at this, look at this, what they like is, damn it, the health. Look at this. Look at this. But look at this, the half, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got in 14.10, baby. 10 contracts, I got 9. But man, what did they say? Look at this, listen to me, I'm telling you, I got 10, but I'm, I'm, I'm with, I want to sell the Mamas, you know, I'm going to sell the Mamas. I'm going to go crazy. But I'm going to close the last one that's left here. But it's going to reject it, it seems like it wants to reject it. It's going to, it's going to, it's going to, it's going to, it's going to, it's going to, but, but, but, but it doesn't matter, but it's not going to break the top 40, that's not what it's going to be. It's going to be excellent, I'm coming from the 7.45 to the 7.28, so that you know, I got 16 points, but crazy, those together with mine, they moved very fast, so that you know, the sensitivity, the sensitivity is for the points, so that we know, for the points, you know. Yes. You have to remember, remember what I said, the ladder up, it's going to go down. The putts always go to the mine. See you in a minute, Papi. Thank you. 7.34 pesos, Cristian, come on, Papi. Is that okay? I already paid for the snack there. 7.34 pesos in 10 minutes, it's good. Gucci again. Now what are you going to put? I'm going to put, I'm going to put, I'm going to put, I'm going to put cheerleaders for the action, I'm going to get rid of the series, I'm going to put cheerleaders, I'm going to put ponitos, we're going to see this, we're going to see this, we're going to see this, I'm going to stop seeing this, Papi, you're having a problem today that you don't want to see the data, Papi, we're going to see it. Man, it's a human door today, but I think it's already being resolved, in the next 20 minutes. I know that no one is resolved, but they sent it to me. I think that Coinbase has also fallen, Coinbase has fallen right now. 16 dollars below and 4.27, it's trying to recover, but it couldn't. People are already a fan favorite here. No, but it's for 500. And after 500, I'm going to tell you the truth, when it breaks 500, listen to me well, that's going to happen. Try to put it on top of 500, it's going to be crazy. Johnny, people are very crazy. Now listen to me, because in the next 5-10 minutes, if I say it, I'm fine with the guys I did today. Man, really, really, I'm going to do this well. I don't understand why my cross is green today. There's nothing green today. There's nothing green, literally. For a 3% that goes to hell. That's the one that's not letting the market fall more. What are you going to say? And what happens is that as Apple and Microsoft have fallen, Apple is also green today, because they want to touch 300. I've touched them once, but... Yes, but now that's going to be a pullback. And as Google is recovering little by little, it's almost 4% negative in the day. If Nvidia recovers. When is Nvidia? It's below $8, 3.5%. I know. No, no, we're talking about Microsoft, because as everything is red, well, most of the things are red in Magnificent 7. There are only two positive actions, it seems strange to us, but then there's the news of B-Liveman who bought Microsoft. That's true. Microsoft is cheap. That's true. There's one that's worth $575. Microsoft's problem is that, I don't know, I owe it to them and they loved it a lot, but they're like half lost with what they're going to do here. Yeah, they're like, they haven't taken the right direction, they haven't decided where to go. Cada puxay. Cada puxay el espadale, baby. $725 goes first. Sleepy. Sleepy, yo. In verdad, yo lo que quiero es que el mercado me dé los $7,279, pero que me dé los $7,200 rápido y pa' meterle para arriba. Dele para arriba. Yo no, I don't want to bet against the U.S. economy. Entiende. Solamente quiero un pullback. Entende. Y estoy tratando de apoyar el pullback. Entende. Bueno. Interesante, el flowwin no nos ha decidido dónde quiere ir. $1200 me gusta, sub bueno. Sí, papi, pero mira cuántos nosotros llevamos ya nosotros, vamos a terminar el día 2 y como con 10 billones de pesos, tres días. Esa pregunta de la tokenización, ya es una pregunta que se está haciendo bastante frecuente. Yo, honestamente, pienso que con la tokenización, la más que va a ser beneficial es Robinhood. A Víctor, ¿qué tú crees? Eh... ¿Cómo fue que me diste? Con la tokenización, que compañías se van a beneficiar. Una de ellas es Silicon. Silicon es otra. Silicon es una que va a ser con cojones cuando es solo. Silicon es una, papi, que es así que va a mandarse a... Ana. $155, ¿verdad? $7% abajo hoy. Sí, pero dame algo. Ayer no lo he metido, lo he podido ayudar, ¿no? No lo he metido nada guau hoy. No, papi, mirá, mirá. Obviamente, lo rebuque está bastante similar, pero... $1,000,000 de Colbert, $322,000... En el mes. Sí. Pero a mí me impresionan más los últimos cinco días, ya que los últimos cinco días de Silicon. Ah, sí, los últimos cinco días con Frigg, sí. Los últimos cinco días con casi $500,000,000. Y los últimos cinco días. Pero es que yo creo que va a pasar eso, lo que va a pasar es que... ¿Tú ves eso, older book? ¡Uy, eso es nuevo! Yo no había visto esto. Ahora tú puedes cambiar aquí por el par de días, ¿cuánto es lo que...? Aquí par de días y... Bueno, sí, bueno. Sí, ahora tú puedes cambiar el... Tú puedes hacer eso por asset, básicamente, acción, o puedes hacer eso por contrato. Es como un contrato. Exacto, aquí tienes un contrato y puedes hacer lo por acción. Yo sabía que era por activo, pero no sabía que era por... ¿Puedo hacer las dos cosas? Activo o contrato? Iré. Papi, tuviste los $110,000. Los de enero. Sí, sí, sí. Iren tiene... Ya están prontando mucho por Iren y Corwitz, vamos a darle lo que quiere el público. Iren, ¿qué estás viendo ahí, Iren? Antes de eso, antes de eso. Los $110,000. Yo no tengo los $110,000, Mati. No veo los $110,000. Yo tengo los $110,000 por ahí. No he perdido. Yo tengo los $110,000. ¿Qué fecha de eso, Iren? Enero 15, 20, 27. 01, 15, hey. Iren, 26, 01, 15, 6. 27, 27, 27. Ah, verdad. Sí, pa. Sí, pa. Sí. Sí. Y la misma fecha, si quieres buscar los $55,000. La misma fecha. El candado. Papi, $58,000,000. Y el enrique de la ASC. Y 12 millones en el bid. Son buenos. Son buenos pa' qué sepa, ¿viste? Esto es tan buenísimo pa' qué tú sepa. Yo pa' qué hay entro una sola transacción, 20 millones de dólares, una sola transacción. Y después, eso fue antes de learning. Enseñale el contract detail page ahí. A ver si está en el ativo. Pero tú en la bestia en eso. Vamos a ver. Lo voy a enseñar el contract detail page de Iren. El mercado no puede subir por encima de los $7.40. Tiene un pillado, ¿viste? Eso va a coger un dipeta así. Y después se va a recuperar. Pero va a tocar $7.25 el mercado primero. Me necesita capturar liquidez. Y ahí continúa. Entiendo que pueden ver mi pantalla, ¿verdad? ¿Lo puedes ver? No sé qué. Yo me tengo que ver ya mismo, ¿viste? Comar de meeting. ¡Hombre! ¡Hombre! Me he preocupado. Y ahí se paré de pensar... ¡Oh, yo estoy feliz! Me tienes que poner pa... No puedo. Ah, ¿no estás viendo tu pantalla? No. Ok. Pues estos son los 110 colores. Ahora mismo tenemos el res warning que el contract detail page por el que tenemos el implied volatility y al tener implied volatility por encima el 100%, yo entiendo que sí lo pueden ver ahora. ¿Lo están viendo, verdad? Sí. Y estos contratos, si vamos para el mes, pueden ver la cantidad de dinero que ha entrado, el life premium exposure, $73 millones de dólares. Y tenemos el net premium que ahorita no expliqué el net premium, es básicamente el ask. Todos los contratos que fueron ejecutados en el ask, menos los contratos básicamente, si... Pueden imaginar eso, si yo tengo 100 millones de dólares ejecutados en el ask y yo tengo 50 millones ejecutados en el bit, pues voy a tener 50 millones del premium. Y si es negativo, pues voy a poner... si es negativo significa que tengo más contratos ejecutados en el bit que ejecutados en el ask. ¿Qué significa esto? Solamente cuando es negativo es que yo tengo una compra de ese contrato a largo. Y podemos ver aquí, que son los 110 que está enseñando Victor y que enseñó Victor Lorita, podemos ver que estamos en el mes y tenemos un option pressure index de un 75%, que eso es bastante alto para hacer un mes. Si lo achicamos, podemos ver que es un poco más pequeño, pero en el día como que era un 25%. Vamos a ver que el net premium todavía está en $46.2 millones. Está en $76 millones de dólares. Y podemos ver que el option pressure index está en $73 millones. Ahora mismo el option pressure y el life premium exposure, disculpen, está negativo a lo dorado. ¿Qué significa esto? Que esta persona que está triguidiendo estos contratos, está negativa. Podemos ir aquí como alcanzarlo. Esta persona el que triguió los 20 millones de contratos los compró en $8.29 $7.55. Esta persona está maliginalmente negativa. Podemos ver otros flows que lo organizamos por prima. Podemos ver que esta persona entró con $7.500 contratos. El que sigue todas las cosas de Market Snack y me sigue a mí cuando presento estas cosas $7.500 contratos. A mí me gusta un número redondo, un número entero, un número raro como $213,000, $1.500 contratos, $9.89. Esta persona compró aún más caro. Esto es un multileg, es verdad. Pero como que la podemos seguir viendo como sigue entrando prima en single legs. Ya ha seguido entrando. Se ha seguido acumulando. Esto es como una versión de un single leg y un multileg mezclada pero sigue entrando prima y se sigue añadiendo to the open interest. Ahora mismo actualmente open interest está en $76.000. Lo mismo, pero con los contratos diren de $01.000. Yo creo que los tengo por aquí. Ya que me calde esto, que estoy de aranmilla. Si no, vamos aquí. Diren $27.000, $01.000, $15.000, $55.000. Vamos a entrar estos contratos. Ver, yo añadí estos contratos a $27.000. $13.000. Ahora mismo estos contratos están en $18.000, $5.000 de ganancias. Vamos al mes. Estos son los $55.000 de nuevo. Ahora mismo están at demonio porque iran están $54.000, $74.000. Está $26.000, $26.000 menos que los $55.000. Pueden ver que aquí en el mes, en el mes podemos ver que ha sido option pressure index $92.000. Podemos ver que este trade fueron $7.000. Van a ver como esto prende dorado porque es inusual. Pueden ver $9.1 million de dólares. Y podemos ver que este open interest está aquí 11.000 en los $55.000 que han $245.000. Y ahora mismo esta persona está positiva. Van a ver como el dorado está por encima del azul. Ahí podemos ver a Victor bailando. Y podemos ver que open premium es $20.000. Estos son dos contratos de Irene que si quieres trade al Irene estos son los dos contratos de Irene. De la forma generalmente $55.000 $55.000. Hay bastante convicción para Irene. Parece que esperan un contrato o algún catalyst alguna noticia que mueva Irene hacia esos lares. Yo pienso que Irene está muy buen precio hoy. Envidia se ha ido un contrato de comprar par de billones de acciones 30 million of shares at 70 dollars that is equal to 2.1 billion in national value from here to 5 years. What does this mean? The world's largest action, the most trillionaire action with more value, is saying that from here to 5 years, both are above 70 dollars. They are making sure, they are buying an option from here to 5 years and buy it at 70 dollars. What is this saying? When the largest company in the world has conviction about an action, it's because they know something, it's not pure randomness. Of course. And more the Chinese, the ones from Taiwan. Look, I'm going to close the last round of trade right now, I'm going to close the last round of trade, the last 10 that I have left. But any doubt, ask with the contract details page. Before finishing today's live trading, I hope you have made money with that Victor's trade, the one that entered with Victor in 8 dollars. Minimum. Minimum. Minimum. Minimum. Well usually in January, at the beginning of the year, and at the beginning of the year, there is always a lot of money accumulated because in January they open with 2 or 3 years of anticipation of the options. And in January there has always been a date that there is always a lot of money accumulated for any type of company. And in this case MUI are companies that are one of the companies that have more than increased this year. What is Sandisk, MU, Intel, they are companies that have tripled. Look at all these companies that are related to AI and data centers and energy. Right now, all these companies are going to grab by the hand. AI, data centers and energy. Imagine Ford, a car company, Ford is becoming, to give energy to the data centers. Ford. It is that people demand it, they do not understand that. A value company. It is about entering the high-p Evaluations sector. What does this mean? That it is about being a growth stock. You can believe the same thing, Ford. A company that never moves from 1 to 12 dollars, and now it is 14 dollars. What about Waymark? Snacks came out, those contracts were multiplied by 3,700 percent because I did not see them. Yes, I did not see them. But Waymark is selling. Well, the open premium. The open premium is the amount of contracts that are open. Listen to that, listen to that, listen to that. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Listen, listen, listen. What a machine, God! And how much is the contract? Well, look, the price of a contract is coming, really. Well, the same thing, but it is a good one. I do not even know why, because I do not know. But yes, the open interest is basically you multiply 6,000, 5,000 contracts in the open interest and you multiply it by the mark price. By the price of the contract that is currently, if the price of the contract is 5 dollars, you multiply those 5 dollars by the 5,000 contracts that are in the open interest and it will give you the amount of millions. That is to say, this is the open premium. Yes, welcome to the day by day by Victor. When you close a Big Three, you already know how to put it. Listen to me, they made the chavo of the life. Oh, you made the chavo. Oh, no, Papi, closing a Big Three. No, but this is to have fun. We also have a little bit of salsa, right? To me, 9,000 pesos does not give me much. Hey, good teamwork, bad blessings, but they have made chavo on the train. Very good, very good, that's important. That's the double one. Double one. 5, 6, 7, 8. Sorry, I missed the number. 4, 3, 4. Yes, wait a minute. That's the 15. Ok, man. You have to save the 0, save the 0 and add 4. Here, 0, 7,000, 4. And remove the double one, because it's not weekly. Yes, double one, double one. Wait, in 25, 0, 5, 15. No, in 26. Sorry. 2, and double one now. Double one now. Yes, double one. Yes, double one. Yes, double one. Ok, I'm going to look for the 8-inch. Ok. Well, I'm not going to go, I have to go for a meeting, but... for a good job, to your production team, please. Production team. Ah, fuck. See you in Gucci Gang. Bye, I love you. See you.
