Transcripción de: MarketSnack_Live_-_25K_Challenge_Pt._4.m4a
Modelo: small  |  Idioma: en  |  Duración: 4708s
------------------------------------------------------------

Hey, can you hear me? I'm in a humming and a little bit of trouble with the internet. I didn't want to connect And you guys can you see can you hear me? Well, yeah, let's see Yeah, please let me know. I'm not where I'm in a little bit of trouble with the internet So Let's see. Let's move this here We are two minutes behind Before the market opens Let me move that here. Okay Let's see what the market is doing for today 748 746 Let's display. Let's see. What else queues? 703 we are five dollars below market. Let's check in video Two dollars and video is holding very strong right now We have Sky Henix, which is 5% down and I think Intel is the same thing Yeah, Intel is 3% down for those who don't know Sky Henix was rumored to buy a Intel plan today and they just came out and said that isn't true So that was Sky Henix and intro drop Market just opened We were at 746 not 747. Yeah, my internet is kind of slow right now Orders are coming true like this Sky Henix 200 call Let's see if we catch some fast movers today Yes, this operation is very long time They're getting out. Okay. We're viewing this live. So I'm gonna explain life. What's happening? We see this huge premium comedy on the ME on these MU calls But These aren't technically selling premium. Why if you see David this beat you will say oh, they're selling premium No, look at the open interest look at the volume right now the volume It's way below the open interest Obviously the size is gonna be below the volume Well, it's way below open interest. So these are calls are getting close. This is a sell to close trade Remember volume is below open interest if volume goes goes above open interest Then he say opening trade is a sell to open because we're on the big site If it's on the ask side, it's a bot to open for this Exactly known because if we have the same thing volume below open interest But because it's in the ask side we can assume for now It's a bot to open But this 40.5 million dollars Getting out Look at the chart for a million dollars because they're getting out. But look at the at this net premium chart. Look at this They treated they treated 33.5 and 43.8 million dollars on May 27, but it was a Spread it was a spread, but it was a negative spread That's why we're already on a negative net premium But now we're even a more negative net premium worth negative 76 million dollars Since an all-time this contract has opened. We're all time We go to one month the net premium change because we're seeing the net premium for the past month right now 3.4 million dollars for the past five days for today were a 40.5 million negative I believe they're closing these contracts I believe they're closing these contracts volume below open interest so Nothing to do with that at the moment Nothing to do with that at the moment That the highest flow we just got Getting still This is interesting the e we call it not much money behind it Remember market just opened so we have to be we have to wait a couple minutes Let's heat her soon Let's see what's happening Numbers on all places What's moving right now? Yeah, like it's my market shred. Remember, we have huge area today. We have google tesla We have a couple of big ones We have texas instrument, which is a semiconductor for those who don't know We have now You know markets, right? It's not that big right, but it's right It close this Right now our biggest call We can see they're entering this one This is a little bit of the money and look at the implied volatility though They paid What do you say 23 thousand dollar contract, but we already seen 11.8 million However, volume is still below open interest. You can see the highest So I did what I did I organized by volume. Can you check yesterday's? Yeah, let me check that And you Was for august 21 right and receive that contract Yeah contract got added It was the weird one the one with the 200 million dollar premium Because we saw it 103 ask and 106 be so we only have negative 2 to 5 you can see it here at the map but we got 200 209 premium 209 million dollars premium traded The open interest jumped from 43 to 7.8 k For me, it's just a weird trade because I cannot read exactly what they're doing Because it's just Two in the middle if you get what I'm saying is 103 minus 106 Like it's it's a very mid-price trade. It's a very neutral trade and you can see it here I don't exactly know what they did Very very hardly There's a lot of freedom behind it though Do I think they're selling premium on that? I would exactly know to be honest They they can be They say 0.74 delta I don't think they're doing the same thing. We we saw in the beginning of the year I don't know if you guys remember in that they they started premium What do you think of intel would it be bullish? Intel has air news tomorrow Right now I haven't seen yesterday. It's not like a they're selling some calls for the 110 calls for Someone shared it with me So we're gonna we've kind of a weird spread because intel hasn't had any flow To buck it up in the last days to be honest Can go since last week Since last week And there hasn't been any flow to back up intel Like we saw this one. Let me see if this one's still in But this one is already at 2.59 And they paid uh, they they paid how much show me a second. I don't see my screen Maybe on my screen, right? Yeah They started buying this contract at 5.90 contrast at 252 But it's a very out of the money contract For two days because this is where you like 24 look at the delta 0.29 It's 12 dollars out of the money because intel is at 103.60 I was a little bit lower in pre-market. So isn't that bad But this contract Got in the other day And then we saw the 110 110 for the same window Let me see if I see it from here. Oh, I will search it. Don't worry those are The only trades I have been seeing from for intel on a short basis We still have the 97.5 calls for september 18 that they're out there down A lot of money like 140 million dollars. They invested like 243 million dollars But this one is the same thing. We have the open interest while it went down 12 percent today This one is closer To being that at the money or in the money People are still out of the money seven dollars, but it's closer to getting But still he paid like 685 per contract and we're at 405 There's still 50 percent down these contracts And the delta isn't that high. It is a two-day expiration Look at the implied volatility implied volatility is it 194 percent These contracts are still alive because of the implied volatility because they expect intel a lot That's that's the definition of implied volatility They're expecting the catalyst tomorrow entails earnings after market to move the stock a lot Let's see. Let's see. We see anything worth a while to trade I'm seeing a lot of rocket lab action on the january I don't like it I don't like it Good morning. How are you? I'm also seeing a lot of action on the mu 950 call I don't like it either I want to see huge ask Yeah market is going that way We're still 747.27 Still expecting We're still expecting Markets why xpx is at what? 499 That's an eight dollar move Yeah, but look at the implied volatility. It is so high They pay 1900 and it's 1800 Market stock at the moment nothing's moving with it I'm actually impressed by the media The media has been a good stock to hold for the past several weeks I Mean hold not made gains because the media hasn't moved Too much to be honest The huge move was from 193.99194 to 2012 But since then it hasn't moved. It has moved to 202 to 209 202 208 So media isn't giving a headache to anyone Well a headache if you're Time if you don't have time on your side. Well, it's a headache But in me has Stand stand it still for this whole time as the market has been dropping or going up Yes, I can Let's go here I want to share to you guys I want to share to you guys or me I'm sure this I'm sure this And I share you the window and I share you my other market snack I'm gonna show you The new I'll put it on white so you guys can see Okay, we just have a full screen Yeah at the moment Nothing big Wow Intel's back at 105 Intel's back at 105. Can you believe that? It went all the way to 101. Oh, yeah, we have it here We move this one to this one So you guys can see it Right now the account is at 29 853 We still have one contract on Intel Right now it's positive because this has gone down because I have been selling we had We at one point we had four contracts. I've been selling we can see The year I sold two at 20. I sold one at 21.5 This happened yesterday. You can see today. It's july 22. This happened till july 21 July 20 18 hours ago also july 21 Intel has been going back at some point today It was kind of red Oh, why this amazing Robin Hood's having problems with D graph You know what let's actually look at that That hasn't moved because the market's still stuck Yeah, they're pretty down We can still I want you guys to look at this The contract is way way way way down But you can see the net premium is still 51.8 million dollars. Why? Because they have an accident those contracts You can see the life premium exposure being so low In the all-time you can see Look when they traded 28.4 million dollars this rise the blue line Then they traded they traded more They traded I think 20 million dollars a year and the blue line went up But you can see life premium exposure is 27 million dollars These first these institutions are very down on their trades You can search here. They treated this on May Yeah, they treated 12 million dollars any million dollars on May 1. They treated a couple million dollars They paid four dollars four dollars four six to five And the contract is at two dollars The implied volatility is kind of low so you aren't overpaying for the contract or it's not kind of slow 12 percent during overpaying for the contract They're still in you can see the opening dress 90,000 90,000 What the market has been standing still for the last couple weeks. We are in a two percent range We haven't moved You can see here. We went all the way in 26 to 7 28 on June 10 we went to 10 to 7 25 but we have been standing still since you life since you life first We only have moved two dollars in 21 days. I want you to To internalize this Since you life first we only have moved two dollars We started the month at 7 45 and then we're at 7 47 We went all the way to 754 two times 755 if you want to round it up On July 15 and July 10 But we haven't even bothered to go to the all-time high that we went on June 1st June 2. I think it was yeah June 2 We haven't bothered to go all the that way But what happened with this contract? this contract the tech Has been killing the contract That's just the real reason this contract has went down that has went down because they bought this contract when the spy was Like at 720 or something like that But the contract has went down They bought it like yeah, like They bought it on May 1st. We had 7 20 7 20 But the we are out July end of July. We're almost Not almost. We still have 70 days what they bought it when we had 100 plus days So the teta has been killing this contract. They're still in they're still in We also have the other one which is spy 8 25 call september 30 September 30, which we still have 71 thousand in open interest is almost the same as almost the same May 11 But what happened on july 16 on july 16? Look at the net premium. This one has exceeded some part of a net premium 23 million dollars And then on july 16 Yeah, if you hear that part indeed The son is like a water cycle or something On july 16. We saw that they're they exceeded 4 point We didn't actually I think they added Yeah, it's weird. It's a weird read because we go here That's why we have different wraps We have different wraps open premium open interest right then The we saw they traded a 2000 I went all the way To 71,000 they dropped 11,000. So this was they traded. They didn't exit it. They didn't exit They only exit 14,000 contracts You see why the all having all this graph is useful Because here we see the volume here. We see the open interest You will think oh, they will exit all these trade awards. No, we still have the open interest there But this one 45 cents 0.03 delta This one is gonna go To what they paid on your origin You can go here session date May 11 They paid 17 million dollars 3.95 I don't think we're gonna The delta was 0.13 the delta now is 0.03 So that's kind of a reach the other ones still have some value in it It's only 25 uh strike difference But if this one has two dollars and that one has 65 cents something like that Okay, what else let me see if we see something to catch here Did I made myself explaining on that that I explain myself? I'm sorry Yes, it's gonna be a very slow day Very slow day They're buying the 207 calls NVIDIA that's a lot of volume for a media 4 million dollars They're they're waiting for a media to break those 207.5. They did is a 208 Is a 208 QQQ is back at again at 707 NVIDIA is at 208 And QQQ is back at 207.0.7 intro is at 105 spy Here we have the option chain You want this next week? I say again No one has this update still I'm showing it to you guys so you can see it and Have some knowledge that it will come out next week next week We're gonna have the new option chain This is how it would look like the price pressure Which we have the put wall the expected drift and the call wall with the magnet here It would change via the expiration Can I use the option chain to day trade? Yeah For example, a zero DTE you have the put wall on the call wall You can go here. You can see where are the pain points right now? We saw that this one is the biggest one We saw the total premium being 8.4 million dollars 37 percent being on the bid 45 percent being on the ask We're seeing that the pressure is the 207.50s and we see the put one Being the 205 and the call wall being 210 Can you see it here? You see how it would change because it jumped from two It just jumped now You can go see it here Nvidia trading video options They're trading You can see the volume look at the volume If you want a double check you can go on july 24 and you will see that they're also trading They're also trading For a two-day expiration because it's today's wednesday. We remember about expeditions mondays wednesdays and fridays and some stocks And they're trading the same thing. They're trading the 207.50 and then for friday. They're trading also The two tens So right now for today I Say again the put wall is 205. The call wall is 210 and for friday. It's 200 and 210 So they're expecting Uh or system or our god didn't say they were expected drift to the two tens. We're closer to that That doesn't say we'll go to that a hundred percent But that's the expected drift and upside to that expiration to that strike price We're seeing yeah, we're seeing now. This is going way down It's at 111 It's jumping a lot actually Was that that's how you can use the option chain today trading you can go to the zero dte Or you gotta go to their closer expiration and you can see where's the buying where's the buying pressure going on And then you can set mentally because we also have it here That the magnet and the call wall is going to be a 210 That the put wall basically your support is going to be at 200 Your your resistance is going to be at 210. That's for the two day And for this one is 210 and 205. So this one's closer But the magnet is staying at 207.50 So you have to be careful with that You can we can do it for another we can search intel You can search intel and it would be They're trading for today the 105 You can see they're trading one 105 for a 106.19 They're saying the call wall for today is 110 And the put wall is 99 right now. I didn't see it But if we go to 16 expirations, you will see the put wall you can see The magnet the magnet is the Strike price with the most balance So we have 2.2 k And we have that's not the one 4.8 k versus 1.2 k This is the most balance So that's gonna move we have the july 24 They're also trading in 105s. They're also trading 105s But here is very interesting because they're also trading in 110s You can see For july 24 because we have a huge catalyst in the middle. The call wall is going to be 120 and we have the Put wall is going to be 95 The magnet is at 120 Because that's the expected volatility we have an intel intel right now as an expected a very high Expected volatility. I don't like to trade on that imply volatility my bad. I don't like to trade on that because You can get stuck with your contracts if it doesn't move your way contracts can lose value really quickly yeah Well price pressure isn't it this is like a supportive resistance price pressure is more of a momentum like price pressure we have the The supportive resistance like the put one the call wall the put one is basically like a Remember it can happen inverse or vice versa If you're buying to the upside the call wall is going to be a resistance and the put one is going to be a support But if you're buying to the downside so basically you're buying the put is going to be inverse The put wall is going to be a resistance and the call one is going to be a support Let's go for 120 Can you check for AMD? Yeah No problem AMD For this week july 24 We have 450 580 We're at 549 right now Right now they're heavily buying Well, not heavily buying but 4 4.2 million dollars or a 547 stock And they're buying the 550 for july for july 24 For today they're also buying the 550 but we have today's 555 And 537.50 That's what's happening today. We can also build new spy That's also Another and here you can see a sneak peek of the gamma exposure We can go you can go to moment because I know it will get you all excited We see how the market's behaving a little bit. Yes, I can Yeah market 750 How much is this? I don't know. I'm monitoring looking right now. Don't worry Uh, gex is on the making right now. We don't have gex for every stock at the moment We have for the ETFs and the indices at the moment. So I don't think Microsoft is one Oh, yeah, well, we already We can see the gex for Microsoft Yeah, well, we only have these trading sessions Which we basically have the same thing This is the our gex call while 400 put while 390 and then we have a 397 magnet So we have a negative gex today So basically every rally will be sold off until we'll flip on the gamma flip the gamma flip is at 394 We're at 392 Well, but this move because it's a gex it will move So until we get a tree uh 393.84 this will be negative on a negative gex Rally stands to be sold But let's let's go to spy. I want to I want you or xpx It's an easier gex to Not to interpret but to view because there's a lot of more money Here we have the Or famous gex We're still working on some stuff. So this is not gonna be the final version Uh, this still isn't This is gonna move a little bit But right now Look, it's the same scenario with the Option stream we have the put wall 7,450 we have the magnet at 7,500 and then we have the call wall at 750 You can see the net gex is 8.5 billion dollars With the 8.5 billion dollars We have a positive gex So we're expecting it to move a little bit more But remember we still have the magnet if we have the magnet still It can go down a little bit to here to try to find this place But remember if we go down that that route it will gamma flip to a negative gex You can move here if you want to view view it as a larger You can move it to 50 100 I don't think that's very necessary if you're day trading I like it to keep it at 40 because I like it to view the The put walls and everything Now the gamma flip will move all the way to 7,424 That's gonna keep moving because we're already on the zero DTE gex Markets at 749.27 This looks Extremely good. This one we have the call one 2.1 billion dollars This is This is trying to seduce this was this thing to go to go higher But look at this just look at this we have The red bars we have this is million of dollars or hundred and thirty seven million dollars and the largest one is 599 million dollars Compared to this one to have nine hundred million dollars nine hundred million dollars one point nine million dollars So it's attracted more to the off-site again We can view the net gex being nine point four billion dollars We can also do this with spy We've got exposure here You can also view it here You can also search the cues You can see they're negative today the cues We see if I if I have envidia gex today envidia right now is positive. That's why it has a call one Has a call one on there You how's the magnet calculated? We can go here and we'll explain it to you The magnet wall distract with the most balanced open interest on both calls and puts Price tends to gravitate toward the level and get held there in expiration You can that's basically the magnet one. It's the most balanced In open interest on both calls and puts it will automatically be the magnet Let me take a sneak peek to see if we have any movement at all If you have any movement We have the 700 calls today. They got hit pretty heavily Yeah, but I think they're getting out Yeah, they're getting out. Well, weird flow Wow, this is still getting hit 26.5 million dollars already. We saw that only 11 billion dollars That's still getting hit And the new thing it's still getting hit the 950 calls I think gamma it's going backwards here Part of my internet. I have to reload This isn't going live. Don't worry But you can see how these things move We saw earlier. It was the call one and now this is the call one because it's a serial day expiration It's gonna move Or now we have to put one the same as the magnet Yeah, mark market's going red and look at it medium. It's a 206 And this falling without these contracts if we were to bought these contracts earlier because those are zero DTE I was looking at them at 120 right now. They're 63 dollars Uh, yeah, 63 cents if you want to feel that okay As I said earlier the magnet attracts this So I said earlier we were at five, uh, 518 and it went down a little bit The magnet's gonna attract always Well, not always, but it's gonna attract So we dropped a little bit of points. We dropped seven eight points right now we may But we still have to call it one 1.4 billion or 1.3 billion dollars on the gex So this is a constant analysis you have to do You have to be very careful because gex Moves always so don't stand still on your analysis. You have to monitor it really quickly The use for day trading the use not for swing trading Is the price dropped the magnet means that will be trapped. Well, it will be it means it will be balanced It will be balance If it drops they put one it means the price will drop because that's the support What is the Spanish exam? No, Piki Pani. No Piki Pani We have an English exam right now remember the magnet if it goes to the magnet it will go to the Be attracted to the highest To the highest or the closest one they call one of the put one if he has the highest amount Right now the highest amount Is the 1.5 billion dollars? So we saw I go to 509 now it's at 511 think we're Worked still there iron We have iron 55 call for january There's I think they're still in on these contracts. Yeah, look at the impival activities to 117 percent uh, this went in They went in on april 17 April 17 9 million dollars at 13 10 per contract right now the contract is at 10 um, but then we have Then we have the iron 110 call for january I think there's a lot of you guys in these contracts But these contracts they did something weird the other day. They basically sold part of these contracts They sold part of this contract. You can see the open interest was at 77k and then it dropped here because they sold They sold like 30k and they bought some they sold some puts they did on a multi like in a weird way They sold this and then they waited there. They went on some puts On some selling puts You can look at this iron we will go to session date iron july 10 Where is it? You can see they exchange 50 000 contracts and then they bought puts or they multi like Which is pretty weird what they're doing But this contract got some huge lift after that So they basically went from Being bullish on these stock To being bearish on this stock You can see a six percent single leg But that's basically they roll over from the 110 to the 30 puts for the same experiment for the same expiration That's not a really good look on iron to be honest I raised right now 43. It was 37 last week. So it went to six dollars price hike You see what else Today this 10 14 a Well This is interesting 14.4 million dollars. What does amazon have amazon? earnings This is just got in July 30 eight days from now next wednesday amazon october 16 write that down Let me add it to that 14.4 million dollars just got in We had 245 amazon right now is right on the day And someone just traded 14.4 million dollars for october 260 Is one bar to uh 12.65 12 40 95 is just one cent below It's an out-of-the-money contract. You can trade, you know, whatever you want You can trade an in-the-money contract at the money contract We can actually trade something like that Let me just explain again because people sometimes You see I have this buying power this buying power That's because that's margin. I have been having reality this margin power for option trading. We'll see right now You can see 55. Then if I go trade amazon options, I have only 27 Because I only have one contract open on intel They're basically trading for october 16. They're trading the 260 call the 260 call with that I can trade I can trade If they're doing that Right now at 245 I can go deeper in the money Deeper in the money a higher delta You can go to november to be more safe We got 67 delta. We got 68 63 delta We can buy here for example We can buy here the 230s We can go on october it's 86 days Yeah, I'm gonna buy one for now You're gonna see how we'll go on the day Well, the thing is look at the spread on these contracts It's pretty isn't that good It was if it feels yeah, I got a field Let me take a screenshot of this I just feel one contract of amazon. I bought the 230 for october I bought at 27.50 Why? I'm really interested in this kind of flow and I really if you have been following we have the amazon september 18 220 call The 220 call Which they're still in And they're making money already. Look at the improvement exposure. They went back They bought 20 million dollars on june 29 20 million dollars. The contract is at 32.56 So i'm buying with one more month 10 years more The implied volatility is at 41% on that contract They're basically making a little bit of money, but they're still in That's the whole point. They're still in on these contracts and then we just saw this one Amazon got a dip today Let's say again You can see it's 2.23 cents below So right now we're holding one intel contract, which I don't like to hold true earnings to be honest But we're holding one And then we have one amazon contracts both for october How do we know if the contracts are being bought or sold? For which one for the amazon one? Okay, we have a really quick explanation here We see they're they buying the 260 calls Look at the size the volume and the open interest the open interest is 4 000 So there's no way they're closing this contract There's no way they're closing this uh this There's no way they say closing action. Why because the open interest is 4 000 Look at the size the size is almost the volume And look at the execution the execution is basically at the ask price. It's $1 below the ask price So it's not the bid price So they're basically we can we can safely assume for now That these contracts are being bought to open Being bought to open I bought the 230 strike for october 16 I like doing safer bets. I like doing delta 0.68 delta Remember this is not financial advice. It's for education and entertainment purposes. I'm trying to grow the account You don't have to trade exactly what I'm trading You can trade their trade. You can wait until tomorrow You can trade. I don't know Whatever your account Let's you trade But this is the terminus direction and the 220 calls. So we basically for amazon We have the 220 for september 18 and the 260 for october 16 Okay, let's go back to the xpx. Let's see what's happening Xpx is a no-signal phone Let me see how it's moving You saw earlier. We were at 9.5 payment dollars being positive Well right now we're at only 631 million dollars. Why the market's dropping? neutrally markets are dropping. We saw nvd up There's no stock pushing this pie at the moment Only google is only on the magnificent seven google is up And neflex is up one dollar. Wow. Okay, this is getting interesting now. That guy says below Is negative and it's Almost below the magnet Any news? Are they trading indices today? Can you explain this? Can you explain why? the How they contract this bottle is sold Yeah, 23% they got some news yesterday. I'm starting to remember what they did Oh, yeah, the margin rebound Yeah, because they got a Skyhane is gonna do today They disclosed something earlier Yeah Let's see Yeah, but I don't think there's really good flows or some smx SMCI super micro Well, I remember that stock one was trading crazily Two years ago. It was a hundred nine hundred one thousand was going crazy fast Well, that's a pretty nice rate from 10 to 270 You're still waiting around to see what xp is gonna do I don't know what's like keeps going back and forward It's negative What trade did I enter? I enter amazon amazon 230 coin Right now we're negative at the moment. I enter one contract because we just saw the This one we just saw this one at 10 15 almost 10 12 minutes back that $14 million being bought october 16 260 call so where we enter in the money here for october 230 call The realm Yeah, they basically Exited those contracts You see now They went down from the 205 to the 60 60 calls But they put more money in for the higher delta at the ask So this is why it's in an order So this is basically a vertical spread Now don't worry Amazon 230 coin They open in vertical spread 260 call 295 call $14 million and they sold the 295 calls So this is a very aggressive vertical spread because it's an isn't an out of the money vertical spread 260 295 calls How do I know look at the time look at the time And look at the sizes Look at the open interest. There's no way they're getting out and there's no way they're getting out here neither How do I know they bought to answer one of you guys questions earlier? They bought this contract because Look at the are basically buying it at the ask look at the size is almost the same as the volume $14.4 million And they sold to open this contract because look at the size and look at the opening twist basically is a So to open also So if this is mostly multi like because look at the time frame and look at the size These are bullish vertical spread They're buying the 260 calls and they're saying the 295 Yeah, and they're selling this one the two 10s But this is how I know look at always look at the open interest and volume and size And you're gonna know For example, if I go look at the time I go look at the time on the emu These ones Look at the volume. It's way below the open interest Way below one. This is the higher The highest volume has been today. We use 1,661. I'm sorry They're getting out They're selling at the bit. They're selling at the bit At the volume below the open interest So we can assume these ones are getting out. Remember, we can assume for today for tomorrow. We will correctly know If this dropped to 800 for example or 179 Why did I buy these two 30 strike because I like to buy higher deltas and I like to be in the money I don't always trade This trade the same contract as it done And we also have the amazon September 18 to 20 call and the delta is almost 70. So I like to be With a safe October 230 delta The with a point 68 delta My range to trade uh From 60 to 75 Anything above that is I think is too costly I don't I don't usually trade point 40 You sometimes see me trade point 50 deltas, but it's not always I like to say for deltas See this is an opening trade. They're doing here But on what This the same thing they're doing on amazon the same thing They're buying TLCT also They get the same thing They they bought 11 000 contracts on amazon. They sold 11 000 contracts and they sold 5 000 contracts 365 415 295 So this is the same thing Analyze more i'm gonna do that here This is the same thing they're doing on the amazon trade I want you to guys take a sneak peek on that the same thing They're doing on this one 14 minutes later 11 11 5000 I want to trade Wow, this one all the way back. How much how what is be doing? 228 wow, I was like, I think it's went all the way back. I didn't I didn't think it's one again. It's what's gonna do that to be honest That's what we are those trades do 200 calls September 18 What is this one doing? Yeah They paid 16.20 I think it's at 23 But it went all the way today to What has been staying the same? Yes, the implied lot. This is extremely high Extremely, extremely high We're gonna have the same thing August 21 call 125 Now the same contract here or not the same contract They paid 42 0.18 And they're at 54 today Well, they're not at 54. We would have no fear that The contract is sad like 50 to 1 or something Yeah, the sector is It's down today, but we haven't you We use all with 0.57 on the day and we have SMDK Yeah, we have been verifying the sector today SMDK Wow, those those contracts really went to the upside, but they cost too much Look at this. We saw since the opening on the market We saw 9 33 a.m This they started trading 23,580 And right now it's at 26,000 So if you traded one of these contracts are already on the upside three thousand dollars Because the the stock was at 1,526 we saw it. We saw it was a huge flow 11 million dollars since the open right now. It's at 41 million dollars And it's already what's that like 15 percent to the upside So this person if we viewed the net premium and the life This person today Well, it's gonna be mixed because there are a lot of trade We're not gonna see it exactly today This isn't it isn't open interest exactly, but They paid They paid Since the beginning 23,000 is at 26. Oh, it's 27 Almost 27. Look at that The stock is ceiling at one thousand six hundred eighty dollar move and it's positive on the day So the whole sector is going back It went as two percent down We also have uh, wdc We have seagate I think it's yeah, it's in the sea. No, it's not sea I don't remember what seagate is the ticker xdx xdx Yeah, the whole sector rebounded Yeah, I think that's spy stain very still I wanted to show you a trade with the gags, but Spice xpx stain is so still I don't like it I think it will have to do to be another day because it will Spice and moving a lot So I won't be showing you a trade on that So just sit around here and wait Because look at that now. We're negative on the gags We're negative on the gags We have the call what I'm seven hundred and five Seven thousand five hundred and twenty five and now we have to put one seven thousand four hundred and fifty But we're moving in at all For the last couple minutes, we're going to the downside We're negative on the day now point sixteen percent But because we have a negative gets now Everything to the upside will be pressured to be If we have moved to the upside, we're gonna be pressured to sell now Because of the gags Yeah, I went down to the magnet That's what I told you earlier Because earlier, uh, we saw all the green green green to the 550 540s But I said it will it will chase the magnet And we're right now below the magnet Yeah I bought amazon to call 230 october 16 I bought it at 27.50 I say again Please not find answer advice or anything. I bought that contract. You can see it here Amazon 230 October 16 about 27.50 The account is sitting at we're losing 70 something on that I'm a little bit sad. We haven't reached 30 000 yet We have taken it kind of slow this Last week and this week. It's not the same as the other ones It's not the same as the first one that the first one we made four thousand two hundred dollars But we have to protect the account on earning wings just started where if If there's not something clear protect your accounts The longer we protect the account on the capital stay The longer the account will The longer will be on the market. It's not about making money. It's about protecting it at the on the long run so just always Think like that Yeah, look, I know it's pressuring on the downside And now we have Yeah, it's really negative now But you you saw how it flip It's how I flip from being 9.5 billion up to being negative 2.6 billion down And then we have to put one here But first we have the 75 You can see how it moves just like interesting Let's see how the spy's doing and then we'll we end the livestream here I'm not gonna trade it No, I think next week. Let me know in the comments to see Next week. I'm gonna do this live on the afternoon To actually use the gags with you guys and to see if victor joins I would use the gags to have a live trading with the gags Because on the morning gags is not exactly very Like that from three to four two to three about that idea. Yeah contra I remember what they entered 7 million dollars 25 to 16 dollars Yes, talk is at 187 I like the expiration. I don't like the delta The deltas was way higher when they entered obviously without 47 Right now it's 10 dollars 10 delta minus 10 the 10 deltas You can trade crowd you can trade that that direction is trading but That contract 240, maybe you can trade their average from 16 to 20 something like that But crowdstrike The same is the software sector hasn't been doing really well this year. We can see an empanada being uh, what I call Microsoft Yeah before I go let me So that's my tip on that you can trade another contract in that direction Or you can trade their average don't expect to go above their average Let me see because I saw yesterday A contract being opened new 120 calls For July 3rd did that go in? That go in yeah that go in he treated it at 955 And that contract right now is at 945 Very interesting contract because I like the delta, but I don't like the timing at all The 120 calls do like 31st 269 days expiration 71 delta Is in the money But the expiration is i'm gonna help well We're done for today any more questions you you can leave them on the discord I traded one contract today. I'm gonna Share it in the discord what I why I slightly traded And why did I trade it? And uh, I'll let you guys know if anything else See you guys on the next time
